Create and implement a data management strategy, including user policies and training materials, set refresh cycles, and statistical reporting for achieving and maintaining high data quality.
Work alongside IT staff as well as senior management to:
Coordinate the placing of data On-Premise, or in Clouds with business strategies
Develop and maintain a data integration strategy
Develop and maintain a data security strategy
Ensure software development methodologies include the steps, activities, and deliverables required to achieve high quality data.
Assess and cultivate long-term strategic goals for BI development in conjunction with end users, managers, clients, and other stakeholders.
Acquisitions and Deployment
Ensure new systems, applications, and data integration measures adhere to existing data management practices, policies, and procedures.
Stay abreast of new products in the data management and BI markets, conducting research on emerging trends and developments that could support the business.
Evaluate and select database/data warehouse components, including hardware, relational database management systems, ETL software, metadata management tools and database design solutions.
Operational Management (Data Management)
Identify and ensure the resolution of data quality issues, such as uniqueness, integrity, accuracy, consistency, and completeness, in a cost-effective and timely manner.
Execute audits periodically to ensure data is being properly managed in the Cloud and On-Premise, and that legal or security requirements are consistently being met.
Perform data profiling on a regular basis, and generate data quality statistics. The results of these audits should be communicated to the owner of the data, and tied into service level agreements (SLAs) between data entry personnel, IT, and the appropriate business units.
Devise, coordinate, and conduct mass data-cleansing initiatives for the purpose of purging and eliminating corrupt or redundant information from corporate databases.
Identify causes of poor data quality, implement solutions, and communicate findings to employees, management, and stakeholders.
Develop and enforce methods and validation mechanisms for ensuring data quality, and accuracy at the point of entry.
Work collaboratively with the system architects to develop methods for synchronizing data entering company systems from multiple points, and within infrastructure On-Premise and within Clouds.
Conduct research and make recommendations on products, tools, services, protocols, and standards that will support the data management strategy.
Operational Management (Business Intelligence)
Direct, organize, and lead projects in the implementation and use of new BI software tools and systems.
Lead the integration efforts for merging BI platforms with enterprise systems and applications.
Design, code, test, and document all new or modified BI systems, applications, and programs.
Develop the semantic layer, metadata, reports, and report definitions.
Develop graphs and portal interfaces.
Assist in the design of databases and data warehouses to ensure interoperability with BI solutions.
Analyze user requirements and, based on findings, design functional specifications for BI front-end applications.
Produce ETL design guidelines to ensure a manageable ETL infrastructure for the BI system.
Work with project managers to ensure that data entry, retrieval, change, and delete functions meet business requirements for project completion.
Design and deliver end-user training and training materials; provide technical support as necessary.
Troubleshoot BI tools, systems, and software; performance-tune these applications as necessary.
Act as evangelist for BI benefits across the organization; promote BI usage to relevant departments.
Mentor and/or provide leadership to junior members of the team.
Qualifications/Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, or computer engineering.
5+ years direct work experience; preferably in the Healthcare sector.
Comprehensive data analysis and report design experience
Experience with MS SQL Server, MS Access and other relational database systems.
Expertise in Business Intelligence tools.
Demonstrated ability with ETL design and development.
Strong ability to analyze user requirements and build front-end applications according to specifications.
Some knowledge of Java and ColdFusion languages preferred.
Some knowledge of web design and development preferred.
Strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principles and practices.
Full project management and development life cycle experience.
Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.
Knotch’s Chief Data Scientist will be in charge of creating the strategy for as well as analyzing and actioning the data gathered for the clients through the Knotch products. At Knotch, we are working with some of the biggest brands and publishers and getting wide distribution of our technology throughout the web. We need data models that can scale with this level of distribution and can help clients to understand our customers in ways that we have previously been unable to.
The ideal candidate will be a forward thinking data scientist with a strong blend of analytical, technical, creative and client facing aptitude. You will need to be sufficiently hands-on to cope with immediate priorities but also be a strategic thinker with strong commercial acumen. You will need to be somebody who is both at the forefront and a leader in data science but also detail orientated. You may currently be a Chief Data Scientist/Officer in an agile, high-growth business, delivering B2B solutions or consumer facing products. Alternatively, you may be a Director/VP in a similar environment, eager to make your first move to an executive position.
Responsibilities: 
Develop a data science capability that spans and informs all areas of the business from product innovation to customer success.
Develop the data roadmap using the most appropriate technologies and manage and expand in-house data teams to support growth.
Guide and inspire the teams in data science best practices, and evangelise strategic use of data throughout the business and client organisations.
Foster and maintain close working relationships with Technology, Product, Marketing and Business Development functions.
Encourage and promote creative thinking and problem-solving, especially in the application of data based solutions.
Share knowledge, mentor, and educate the organization’s investors, management, staff, partners, customers, and stakeholders with regard to the company’s vision, opportunities, and challenges
Embrace new challenges, actively seek out best practices and be confident in scaling rapidly and making smart decisions fast.
Launch new initiatives in a timely and high-quality manner.
Collaborate across the management team to help shape a coherent strategy and plan across all areas of the business.
Desired Skills and Experience:
Outstanding data science practitioner with a strong blend of subject matter and management expertise.
Will have operated in a high growth business as a senior data scientist of CDS.
Eager and passionate about growing a start-up.
Prior leadership experience in an early or mid-stage start-up or high growth business.
Experience working in high-growth businesses.
Experience and an interest in machine learning would be an advantage.
High energy, great humor, positive attitude, and a team player with the willingness to do what it takes to get things done.
Partners with researchers and clinicians to identify and specify complex scientific data requirements and workflow for research projects. 
2. Develops and proposes technology and biomedical informatics solutions through the analysis and selection of computing environments, off-the-shelf or custom software, hardware, technologies and tools, etc. 
3. Creates, identifies and hardens approaches using modern software tools for data analytic needs including machine learning, natural language processing, semantic ontologies, visual data analytics and data mining algorithms to meet the needs of researchers and clinicians.
4. Manages the overall technical progress and deliverables for major national and regional projects and data sharing initiatives such as the Data Submission and Repository portal of the NIEHS-funded national Children's Health Exposure Analysis Resource (CHEAR), i2b2, and the data submissions and study support for the NYC-Clinical Data Research Network (CDRN) and similar projects.
5. Helps to develop a vision and implementation plan to link disparate data sources including EPIC EMR, biobank data, REDCAP data, omics data, etc. throughout Mount Sinai for effective use by researchers.
6. Helps to develop a vision and implementation plan to link disparate data sources nationwide.
7. Performs analysis of various disparate data sources, in order to determine their interrelation, and how best to integrate and leverage them for research and quality purposes.
8. Supports the data related needs of clinical researchers and clinicians. Queries and analyzes clinical data, and determines how best to present, visualize, and store data results. Assists with advanced data analysis.
9. Researches and evaluates alternative technical and process solutions, based on best practices and recommends the most efficient and cost effective solutions for data infrastructure and/or workflow design. 
10. Provides highly technical consulting and leadership in identifying and implementing new uses of information technologies for research. 
11. Performs related duties as assigned or requested.

Education:
PhD in Computer Science, Biomedical Informatics or a related discipline, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience.

Experience:
Experience with computational science, databases, statistical programming, biomedical informatics, EMRs, natural language processing, machine learning, ontologies, semantics, modern programming languages (Python, R, etc.), visual data analytics and real world healthcare and/or biomedical informatics data preferred. Experience in a healthcare environment preferred.
Affinity Health Plan, an independent, growing, not-for-profit managed care company designed specifically to serve the needs of low-income New Yorkers, needs a Data Science Analyst. In this development role, you will create and implement sophisticated reporting strategies, and provide analytical support for strategic and business decision-making. You will work collaboratively with stakeholders from across the organization to provide information, insights and BI (Business Intelligence) solutions that contribute to sound strategic planning, decision-making, priority-and goal-setting, and effective performance measurement.
eXelate, a Nielsen® company, is the leading provider of data technology powering the digital marketing ecosystem. Our customer data cloud™ provides the industry’s only unified customer profiles, which connect identities across all channels and devices - including display, video, audio, offline, mobile and smart TVs - enabling marketers to engage individuals and households with personalized messages to drive performance at scale. eXelate’s data marketplace is the largest 3rd-party cross-device data set in the world with over 5B unique users and devices. 
 
eXelate was acquired by Nielsen in March of 2015. Nielsen brings to bear the market’s most powerful proprietary data assets, and together we are helping the world’s biggest brands make better and faster marketing and media decisions, we are permanently disrupting the landscape of audience measurement.
This hands-on position reports to our Manager, Data Mining & Predictive Modeling and will take a leading role in the creation of data mining strategies designed to maximize the value of our data, all while playing an instrumental role in the development of eXelate’s data & DMP related products and services. The Data Scientist will be responsible for ensuring that our data products are of the highest quality.
Responsibilities
Build and execute the company’s data mining and modeling activities in support of our clients’ online targeting and digital media marketing goals 
Develop and maintain ongoing data exploratory analyses against internal and client-provided data 
Help the business teams solve complex analytical challenges
Work with our R&D team to embed analytical technology into our DMP platform
Conduct studies, tests and use advanced data mining and modeling techniques to build solutions that optimize the quality and performance of the company’s data
Requirements
Advanced degree in statistics, computer science, machine-learning or related fields (such as econometrics or sociology) required
Minimum of 3+ years relevant analytics and data mining & modeling work experience, with a particular stress on supervised learning
Proven ability to develop and execute sophisticated data mining & modeling solutions
In depth knowledge of the advanced techniques and tools common to the data science world such as sparkML, Scikit-learn, or Mahout; intense knowledge of R and/or Python and machine learning techniques is required (SAS and/or SPSS alone is insufficient)
Strong attention to detail and excellent quantitative and qualitative analytical ability
Working experience with relational database management system (RDBMS) and/or the Hadoop ecosystem, with a strong knowledge of SQL, Hive, and/or Pig
High energy and enthusiasm to develop the next big thing in internet advertising; someone that can think out of the box, solving new and unique analytical challenges
Knowledge of an object oriented and functional language such as Python, Java, C++, and/or Scala
Strong experience in marketing analytics, including marketing response modeling and customer segmentation
Experience with online media and targeting a big plus
ABOUT NIELSEN
Nielsen is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen's Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry's only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. 
Nielsen, an S&P 500 company (NYSE: NLSN), has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90% of the world's population.  Nielsen prides itself on being a place where employees can be themselves, make a difference, and grow their careers with the company.  It has been named one of the “Top 50 Companies for Diversity” by DiversityInc for three years running and was selected as one of the “Top 35 Companies for Leaders who want Flexibility” by FlexJobs.  For more information visit www.nielsen.com. 
Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.
The Chief of Staff, Center for Data Science oversees and directs a board range of high level projects for the university-wide initiative in data science training and research. Data science involves unlocking the powerful potential of big data by utilizing automated methods of analyzing it. The Center for Data Science aims to steer the growth of data science as a discipline and practice. It is also a key driver of NYU's new Master of Science in Data Science program, the first and only degree program of its kind in the world, as well as a Ph.D program. The center works across the 18 schools and colleges at NYU. 

Qualifications: 
Required Education:
Bachelor's degree.

Required Experience:
7-10 years progressively responsible experience in academic administration or an equivalent combination. Experience with planning and implementing events and activities.

Required Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:
Ability to develop, implement and interpret policies and procedures. Prior experience with operational and staff supervision. Excellent organization and problem-solving skills. Strong research, writing, and presentation skills. Ability to communicate sensitive information verbally and in writing to individuals at all levels. Advanced proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet and database software.

Additional Information: 
Responsibilities 
As a Data Scientist/Data Analyst at Verizon, you’ll create analytical models to predict customer behavior or business events. You’ll then present the results to various business partners such as marketing, finance, and our customer relationship management group.
In this role, you’ll work on (and be responsible for the delivery of) multiple medium to large-size projects that have direct impact on the business’s bottom line. You will develop resolutions to complex problems creatively and make decisions that impact projects & staff members.
Qualifications 
• Master’s Degree in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science or a related field preferred or equivalent work experience.
• Strong familiarity and hands-on experience with SQL and statistical software packages (e.g. SAS, SPSS, R, Python) are required.
• In depth experience with exploratory Big Data discovery through the use of technologies such as Teradata EDW, Aster, Tableau, and Hadoop.
• Working knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing, and statistical analysis methods are preferred.
• Familiarity and experience with creating analytical data sets.
• Experience in presenting detailed analysis to non-technical staff member.
• Teamwork & collaboration skills to work across organizations and lead cross-functional teams.
• Communication & stakeholder management skills.
• Problem solving skills to develop quick yet sound solution to resolve complex issues.
POSITION SUMMARY
Aetnas Consumer Health Services Customer Insights and Analytics team creates cutting edge analytic tools to drive better and faster decision making within the organization. We are currently looking for an exceptional Data Scientist to play a pivotal role in the creation and deployment of population health products. This position will use predictive and behavioral analytics, and analytically derived insights to develop and test solutions that improve consumer engagement, health outcomes and health care costs. The position will be dedicated to Active Health Management, a subsidiary of Aetna, and is based in our New York, NY location.

Fundamental Components:
This is a unique opportunity for someone passionate about innovation in data science, machine learning, and predictive modeling techniques. The team currently uses an industry leading scalable data platform and techniques in creating solutions to challenging business problems. This is a wonderful opportunity to be part of a new and expanding team, with plenty of opportunities to interact with project stakeholders and business partners at all levels of the organization. This is a fast-paced, collaborative and iterative environment requiring quick learning, agility and flexibility.

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE:
* 4 or more years of progressively complex experience in data analytics.
* Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. 
* Expertise in SQL or SAS, and Python, R and big data technologies including Hadoop and/or Pig.
* Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas

EDUCATION
The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master's degree. Degree in statistics, engineering, mathematics or other quantitative discipline is preferred.

ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION
* This is an office based position in New York City, NY.

The position will be responsible for the creation and deployment of new analytic offerings to support our internal and external clients. Successful candidates will be involved in all aspects of the project lifecycle from requirements gathering, hypothesis generation, ideation, programming, testing and implementation of new processes and tools. 

Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.

We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence.

Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.

Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. We serve millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under our J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
 
Chase Consumer & Community Banking serves nearly 66 million consumers and 4 million small businesses with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, investment advice, small business lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments and auto financing.   In recent years, we have undertaken a large-scale digital transformation initiative, building on the success of our current mobile and online service offerings.  The Digital team is responsible for building innovative platforms and developing new products that make banking and payment tasks simpler and more personalized for our customers, as well as deepen customer engagement and loyalty with more relevant offers and services. The ambition is to position Chase as the undisputed leader in digital financial services and payments, and to enable highly personalized, real-time experiences that customers increasingly expect.  We function similar to a fintech start-up in our brand new offices that inspire collaboration, transparency, agile development, and a fun working environment. 
 
The Digital Intelligence team’s mission is to deeply personalize the digital  experience of our millions of customers through the use of the firm’s massive datasets, AI/machine learning algorithms and proprietary data platforms. Whether it’s building a financial graph of consumers and small businesses, optimizing ad targeting on chase.com/mobile and paid media sites, recommending the most relevant hotels or gift cards or merchant offers, or detecting fraudulent behavior, we work at the intersection of statistics, machine learning and engineering to tackle some of the most challenging and interesting problems you will find in banking, commerce and payment. Many companies claim that they work on “big data” and “data science”.  We live and breathe every day.
 
We are currently looking for a data scientist to develop large-scale ad targeting models, especially for programmatic media buying and delivery.  You will be using rich offline and online datasets, and contribute to our proprietary machine learning algorithms to automate bidding and targeting for programmatic media. Prior experience with DSPs, SSPs and RTBs will be highly desirable for this role. 
 The ideal candidate is passionate about solving real-world problems. We are looking for those select few who thrive in a dynamic environment, have big ideas and goals, and believe in testing ideas rather than talking about them. Our ideal candidate loves both machine learning and engineering tasks without needing an army of engineers, and loves learning new skills along the way. You will be joining one of the most elite data science teams we have assembled in banking and payments - several of us have worked at Internet and start-up companies before joining the team. You will work with the latest Hadoop/Spark stack, and will enjoy working with colleagues who are just as passionate and curious as you are.
 

Qualifications
 
5+ years of combined industry and/or academic (BS/MS/PhD) experience, with an emphasis on machine learning and data analysis.
·         Strong background in statistics, modeling and optimization as demonstrated by either industry experience or coursework/academic research with a history of publications and industry talks. Participation in KDD and Kaggle competitions will be a plus.
·         Masters expected, PhD preferred in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Physics, Applied Math, Computer Science, Operations Research, or Computational Sciences.
·         Familiarity with either Hadoop MapReduce or Apache Spark ecosystem of open-source tools and ML packages very desirable. We use these frameworks for our day-to-day modeling and data tasks.
·         Solid understanding of machine learning techniques to build models using online and offline events strongly desired. Candidates must have a strong understanding of AI and ML basics, and must be able to choose appropriate methods for solving a given problem, rather than using packages as a black box.
·         Must be able to write clean and concise code in at least one of the following: Python, Java, or Scala. Our interview process includes writing some code to solve a problem on the whiteboard.
·         You are curious, have a research mindset; love bringing logic and structure to loosely defined unstructured problems and ideas.
Develop the most innovative pricing model for the hospitality industry
Strategic: Work with engineering team to develop pricing algorithm
Tactical: Oversee field research on data collection around core and comparable pricing
Tactical: Develop and test algorithmic pricing formulas.
Job Type: Contract
Job Location:
New York, NY 10022
Required education:
Master's
Required experience:
Data Analysis: 6 years
Research: 5 years
Market Research: 3 years
Databases: 2 years
Data Mining: 3 years
Our Data Scientist will be key to analyzing data and communicating insights that help guide game development, game marketing, and key business decisions for mobile games released by Tilting Point. As Data Scientist, you will work to ensure accurate data reporting in a rapidly changing environment. For this role, we’re looking for strong interest in mobile gaming and business intelligence. 

Your Future at TPM 
Partner with your Tilting Point colleagues to deliver the different analytical needs by building both large systematic reports and small custom pieces. 
Collaborate with product teams to prepare game event tracking taxonomies. 
Ensure debugging and problem solving on issues for delivery of accurate metrics. 
Contribute to LTV projections and new models for User Acquisition Tactics and Games Growth Projections. 
Design and implement advanced statistical testing for customized problem solving like multivariate tests and in-depth analyses of user behavior or virtual economies. 
Build well thought-out dashboards and custom reporting tools. 

Your XP & Skills 
Love for games! 
2+ years of data science experience in mobile/digital analytics or in web-based businesses 
Excellent SQL skills. 
In depth statistical, machine learning, and Bayesian knowledge with robust statistical significance testing, A/B testing, predictive analytics skills. 
Understanding of data modeling, design, and architecture principles. 
Able to demonstrate hands on experience with data mining, clustering, segmentation. 
Proficiency with one or more scripting languages like Python, R, PHP etc. preferred. 
Knowledge of Amazon Redshift & Amazon Web Services AWS. 
Ability to collaborate with colleagues across different disciplines and locations 
Strong written and oral communication skills and ability to work with creative partners. 
Ability to work on multiple projects in parallel while meeting changing deadlines and priorities. 
Experience in a free-2-play mobile game company is a definitive plus! 
YouNow is a live social platform serving million of users. 

As social media and TV converge, we're building a service that fuses the experience of live broadcasting, performing, and social networking, creating a new medium for real-time entertainment. 

Job Description:
YouNow is looking for an exceptional Data Scientist/Analyst to work closely with product leaders as a data-driven advisor and partner on strategic issues. Candidates should enjoy undertaking rigorous statistical analyses and working in a fast-paced team setting. 

Responsibilities:
Conduct in-depth research and analyses that translate data into actionable insights
Provide analytical and data-driven decision-making support for key projects
Develop new insights that inform decisions and help us continue to delight our users
Collaborate with the data science team on new data products and initiatives
Requirements:
Excellent analytical, critical thinking skills
2+ years experience manipulating, transforming, and analyzing data sets that are large and complex
Good understanding of statistical analysis and hypothesis testing
Ability to communicate your analysis with clarity and precision. An ideal candidate would have a strong grasp of both technical and business perspectives.
Hands-on experience building data dashboards
Passion for working in team settings
Ability and creativity to devise and execute research projects independently
Strong experience in SQL
Experience building mathematical models in Excel - bonus points for experience doing so in Python, R, or Matlab
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other technical field
Data Science Instructor 
Hudson Data - New York, NY 
Full-time, Part-time
Hudson Data is a data science solutions firm specializing in big data and predictive modeling factories. Through the application of machine learning techniques and highly advanced algorithms, Hudson Data solves some of the most challenging business problems faced by data driven enterprises. Our office is headquartered in downtown New York City, near Wall Street. 
This position is for a data science instructor that will lead training for predictive modeling and evaluation. We have full-time and part-time positions available. 

Requirements:
MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research or another quantitative discipline
Expert in Machine Learning algorithms, probability, statistics, and ML libraries
Fluency in Python, R, SQL, UNIX utilities, AWS, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Minimum of 3 years of industry experience in machine learning and data science, or relevant academic experience
You are an enthusiastic educator that is eager to inspire the next generation of data scientists, and facilitate a dynamic and collaborative learning environment
Lead student engagement outside of class, and mentor student through independent data science projects
The Data Services team at Hearst, part of Corporate Technology, is the source of global data for the company. The DataOps Engineer will be a key member of the team, being responsible for operations and maintenance of a wide variety of processes. We have dozens of servers running in the AWS and Google cloud environments, and run complex processes that combine Amazon Kinesis, lambda, s3, Redshift, and RDS as well as Google Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, and BigQuery; often in hybrid Amazon/Google models. The Dev Ops Engineer will take ownership of the cloud infrastructure, keeping things running, tweaking code, and making sure we are up 24/7. 
Skills & Requirements
3+ years experience with AWS, must include intimate familiarity with EC2, Redshift, s3. Should have experience with Kinesis, lambda, EMR, RDS.
Advanced linux shell expertise and a very high comfort level with crons, config files, user administration, etc. Must be able to analyze loads and tune job scheduling.
Solid python and at least moderate PHP; javascript a plus
Expertise in server backup and recovery
Experience with the Google cloud environment a plus
Experience with Windows server a plus
Ability to provide guidance to data scientists, engineers and other team members
Documentation skills for processes and procedures
Working with the best minds in the industry, you will have the opportunity to use your analytical expertise to solve problems and drive change.  You’ll be involved in meaningful projects that have a direct impact on the business and bottom line.  Be part of a team that’s dedicated to maintaining industry superiority.
Create analytical models to predict customer behavior or business events.
Deliver multiple medium to large size projects.
Develop solutions to complex problems creatively.
Present results to business partners.
Qualifications 
Must have: 
A Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science or a related field or equivalent experience.
Four or more years of relevant experience.
Experience with SQL and at least one of the following statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS, R, Python.
Experience with creating analytical data sets.
Experience in presenting detailed analysis to non-technical individuals
NBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. 
Career Level 
Experienced 
Country 
United States 
State/Province 
New York 
City 
New York 
Responsibilities 
The Data Scientist Pricing & Yield will support the Ad Sales Strategy team in understanding and improving the performance of the TV and Digital advertising business. 
You will explore and analyze large complex datasets in media and advertising to drive insights regarding audiences, advertisers, inventory, pricing and yield. You will engage in value added activities that generate practical solutions to complex business problems and drive improvement in business decisions. You will develop statistical/economic models, frame business issues and quantify them, glean patterns and trends, analyze underlying drivers, and suggest actions. 

Key Responsibilities: 

•Analyze key metrics in the business to gauge trends, benchmarks, and performance. Identify and communicate root causes of performance outcomes. 
•Address emerging questions and opportunities through quantitative analysis and analytical models such as regression, decision trees, statistical techniques, data science tools, and/or operations research 
•Leverage understanding of the business process to identify and implement solutions that will result in significant top and bottom-line contributions 
•Communicate results to management and clients through succinct storytelling presentations 
Qualifications/Requirements 
At least a Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial/Systems Engineering, Economics, or related discipline involving quantitative analysis 
•At least 1 year of experience working in a related field 

Experience 
•Hands on experience in the knowledge areas is required with the use of associated tools 
•Ability to meet deadlines, handle multiple priorities and perform job responsibilities accurately 
•Strong sense of responsibility, ownership and pride in delivering quality results and understanding business impacts 
Desired Characteristics 
•Master’s degree and experience in a related analytical field is preferred 
•Experience in handling large data sets, combining data from different sources, data analysis, reporting and insight generation 
•On the job experience in use of software packages including SAS or SPSS, R, Minitab and/or BI tools like Tableau 
•Experience with advanced functions in Excel 
•Coursework and/or work experience with some of statistical modeling, regressions, mathematical programming, probability/forecasting techniques 
•Work experience with SQL queries, Python or other programming language 
•Good business, technical, verbal/written communication, presentation skills 
Data Scientist - AdTech 
VaynerMedia LLC - New York, NY 
VaynerMedia is a digital agency that helps Fortune 500 companies tell their stories. Our expertise in strategy, creative, photo and video production, and ad buying yields work that drives actual business results. We day-trade consumer attention, guiding our diverse clientele to focus on the platforms that command the attention of their specific customers, whom we captivate with the highly targeted videos and content we develop. With offices in New York, London, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chattanooga, TN, we market for the year we live in, we live and breathe emerging technology and we are always growing. 

General Qualifications:
You have experience with both new technology and digital platforms
You thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced, high-energy environment
You are detail-oriented and organized
You want to have an impact and feel passionate about the work that you do
You are driven and hungry for success, and always want to learn more
You are a team player and enjoy collaboration
Responsibilities:
Design and integrate applications of statistical modeling into the ad workflow
Use existing data from our warehouse to improve the performance of campaigns
Prototype new data driven features for our reporting platform
Assist in interviewing, hiring, training, mentoring and building out the Data Science team
Potential Applications of Data Science at VaynerMedia:
Creative tagging and clustering
Sentiment analysis of content engagement
Media optimization schemas
Cross platform budget allocation
Analysis of audience efficiency and saturation
Predictive modeling of organic distribution and virality
Required Skills/Experience:
BS, MS or PhD in computer science, engineering, statistics or other related field
2+ years experience with data-intensive backend programming, experience in AdTech is a plus
You understand experimental design and can build for measurement and interpretation of results
Ability to problem solve and think critically
Proven record of managing multiple projects at once
Ability to stay highly organized and efficient in a fast-paced, rigorous work environment
As a Zurich Intern, you will have the opportunity to gain career-building experience with an industry-leading global insurance company.

Zurich is a place where 55,000 employees across 170 countries are focused on helping people and companies protect what is truly most important to them. We are a values-driven organization that takes pride in the work that we do and we have the ambition to be the best global insurer in the world.  Zurich truly cares about their employees, customers, stakeholders, and communities they serve.
A cornerstone of Zurich’s strategy is to create a competitive advantage through distinctive risk insights for risk selection and pricing.  This promotes profitable growth and helps our customers better understand and protect themselves from risk.  We are making multi-year investments in our Predictive Analytics Center of Excellence, and you have an exciting opportunity to be part of this growing team.
 
Interns will have hands-on experience generating data driven insights to solve business challenges and gain exposure to Zurich’s way of Predictive Analytics.
 
Interns in our program will take part in structuring complex business problems and challenges. You will take a role in expanding and deepening data sources – including internal, external, structured, and unstructured data – and testing hypotheses using appropriate analytical techniques to generate distinctive risk insights. 
 
The predictive models and other analytical solutions we build support the profitable growth of the businesses through risk selection, pricing, and claims. You will contribute to the application of advanced statistical techniques to business problems in a project based environment.
 
 
As part of the team you will:
 
Learn about business challenges and build hypotheses for solving these strategic and operational  challenges 
Be part of the team developing collaborative relationships across the organization. 
Support innovation, development and improvement in analytic techniques and capabilities 
Contribute to project tasks and timelines 
Learn project management and change management skills 
Transform data, test and validate hypotheses, to generate distinctive analytical insights that can deliver improved business results 
Support the synthesis of  distinctive risk insights into compelling ideas and messages
 
Project work in the Predictive Analytics Center of Excellence could support Underwriting, Claims, IT, or other functions. Requested tasks will be performed with an assigned mentor and alongside colleagues who perform these roles. The position is part of the summer program.
 
Job Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
Currently enrolled in a college/university or graduate program pursuing a degree in Statistics, Analytics, Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, or other relevant degree 
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0
 
Preferred Qualifications:
Strong written and verbal communication skills; experience summarizing and presenting information in a way that provides clarity and engagement 
Problem solving skills including identification of issues and solution development 
Self-motivated and able to work independently in support of team goals 
Experience with data transformation and data manipulation techniques 
Exposure to a variety of data sources, i.e., structured and unstructured 
Interested in the insurance industry 
Experience with statistical techniques such as regressions, generalized linear models (GLM) or decision trees 
Familiarity with programming and data tools such as SAS, R, Java, C++, Python, MATLAB, other programming languages and statistical packages, relational databases, Hadoop, SQL, Hive, or Pig 
Ability to apply statistical methodologies to solve business problems 
3.2 GPA preferred
  
EOE disability/vets Zurich does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume submission. 
]]>
Description
Morgan Stanley's business around the world is supported by groups and teams with a wide variety of specialized skills. They provide information and strategic thinking to the Management Committee; help to ensure the long-term growth and efficient day-to-day functioning of our business; and serve the well-being of our shareholders, clients and employees.
 
Morgan Stanley Strats & Modeling (MSSM) provides revenue-generating activities that are centered on financial analytics. Embedded Desk Strategist (Strat) teams reside within our Sales & Trading businesses including Equity, Fixed Income, and Commodities as well as our Banking businesses including Investment Banking and Global Capital Markets. The Modeling team and other MSSM project based teams such as Core Analytics and Core Electronic Trading provide quantitative solutions to multiple 
businesses.
 

We are looking for a self-motivated, innovative, hard-working individual who can handle changing priorities and multiple tasks in a timely fashion.
As a quant developer and modeler, you will build tools to query, clean, and analyze raw data by filtering through large databases and develop models for pricing, hedging, and risk management for securitized products and other credit products.
 
Your duties will include implementing and maintaining Q- and shell-based scripts used to update databases and run models; managing large kdb+ databases; and designing, fitting, implementing, and debugging sophisticated econometric mortgage models in a team-oriented environment with significant growth opportunity.

 
Qualifications
Requirements:
•             Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, or related quantitative field or equivalent
•             Strong programming skills; experience with programming languages including Q, R, C/C++, Java, Python; working in a Linux environment using Unix command-line tools
•             Strong quantitative and problem solving skills; proficiency working with large datasets, data mining, statistical methods, numerical methods, algorithm design and implementation
•             Strong verbal and written communication skills; ability to act as a bridge between several business areas
•             Diligent and meticulous individual with the ability to “think outside the box”

Company Description
We are a friendly and international software developer. Some might say the best place to work when you love data, innovative technologies, and the startup mindset. Our growing team of data scientists, software engineers, marketing, and sales are located in Paris and New York City. Our team is professional, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. We work hard but we also know how to relax. We like data but we also like haikus. We like serious but we also like fun.
Job Description
DESCRIPTION
We're looking for a Data Scientist to join Dataiku.
At Dataiku, you will help our customers to build data science applications -- from conception to deployment. You will get hands-on experience coding in multiple languages and applying the latest big data technologies to business uses cases. Our ideal candidate is comfortable learning new languages, technologies and modeling techniques, while being able to explain their work to other data scientists and clients.
Who we are:
We are Dataminr, the leading real-time information discovery company. Our ability to find and deliver information faster than any other source has completely revolutionized how critical, relevant and actionable information reaches the news, finance, public sector and corporate security industries. 

We are one of the most exciting companies in New York City and the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” as well as professionals in both the corporate security and public sectors has led to numerous accolades and achievements. We’ve been named to CNBC’s Disruptor 50 list in 2014 and 2016, added to the AlwaysOn Global 250 Top Private Companies list and received an invitation to speak at the World Economic Forum. 

Headquartered in New York City and nearing 200 employees, Dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. Our culture promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. If you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in New York, please keep reading! 

Who you are:
You're a dedicated data scientist who wants nothing more than to help us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. We strive for strong abstractions that allow for fast iteration, easy integration and short development cycles, allowing us to constantly learn from our data and empower our clients to apply these insights toward product enhancements. 

Desired Skills & Experience:
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or related field
Solid background in data mining, data visualization, statistical analysis, computational NLP or machine learning with at least 5 years experience
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable manner
Extensive programming and system design experience, ability to work with big data with minimal engineering support
Experience with Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive/Pig and NoSQL databases
Proven track record of solving challenging problems in both academia and industry
Self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team
Our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:
Company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life
Flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses
401(k) savings plan
Generous leave
Daily catered lunch
A kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages
…and this is just to name a few! 

Dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Individuals seeking employment at Dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.
28 days ago - save job
- original job 
Aetna's Data Science team is focused on delivering strategically-impactful products to our internal customers, by building analytically-based solutions that integrate a wide range of internal and external large datasets within a cutting-edge Hadoop parallel-processing environment. We are currently seeking a Director of Analytics.
 
Position Summary: The successful candidate will have Consultant background working in a fast-paced environment working as part of the larger Data Science team. This is a wonderful opportunity to be part of a new and expanding team, with plenty of exciting opportunities for visibility with senior stakeholders across the organization. The position will report to the Executive Director, Enterprise Analytics within Aetna’s growing Data Science organization. 

Responsible for the successful development and delivery of analytical product solutions to meet strategic, enterprise business needs, leading project teams with a varying mix of technical and business resources, depending on product lifecycle stage. Accountable for customer satisfaction, business value creation, and prioritization of overall team activities to meet delivery objectives and solution-area metrics (in conjunction with business partners, executive sponsors, and Data Science workstream leads). 

Own senior-level stakeholder and executive sponsor relationships; required to translate technical DS solutions into terms understandable by less-technical business partners and support with integration of DS products / recommendations into day-to-day business processes across the Aetna enterprise to ensure downstream value creation.

Fundamental Components: 
· Sets appropriate metrics for the product / solution area, in conjunction with DS leadership and other executive project sponsors. Proactively suggests additional adjacent areas of focus and / or intervenes to redirect broader team activities on those areas that drive the solution area toward delivery of the most desirable end outcomes for the Aetna enterprise.
· Directly manages workstream leads, both technical and business, to ensure timely and quality deliverables.
· Responsible for commitments to quality products and timely delivery that meets expectations of cross-functional customers and executive sponsors.
· Oversees the design and application of statistical research and custom analysis of integrated healthcare and market data, interprets results, and makes recommendations based on analytical findings to business areas in support of healthcare business initiatives that drive short- and long-term objectives.
· Makes recommendations about data collection methods, metrics definition, and analytical evaluation methods, in collaboration with internal and external partners.
· Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and helps ensure the data integrity; assists with defining and validating processes for data cleansing, integration, and transformation.
· Oversees the execution of algorithms, statistical models, and reporting tools that answer applied research and business questions for internal and external clients. 
· Ensures the ultimate transformation of analyses into business / customer solutions, using a range of tools, including data visualization software (Tableau), PPT / in-person presentations, action plans, integration of solutions with other enterprise systems and /or process workflows, etc. 
· Oversees the development of project plans, research study designs, and timelines; participates in Agile project management activities (backlog development, story prioritization, daily scrums, etc.)
· Able to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrently, by maintaining a personal and team focus on activities that drive business value generation.
· Stays informed about industry trends, research findings, and evaluation methods.
· Shows willingness to understand and probe into technical details. 
· Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals.
 
Background/Experience: 
· 8+ yrs of overall Consulting business experience, with 3+ years of either direct or indirect people management. 
· 5+ yrs of executive client-facing experience (internal or external), demonstrating excellent written and verbal communication skills and reliable executive presence.
· 3+ yrs in a big data environment; 3+ years of healthcare sector experience; healthcare claims experience preferred.
· Programming knowledge/experience and 2+ yrs using either: R, SQL, Hadoop, SAS, or other languages.
 
Education:
· Bachelor’s degree minimum, Master’s degree higher level education preferred. 
 
 
 
Additional Job Information:
Aetna continues to build a world-class Data Science organization to capture data, understand context, generate insights and react in real time. We engage our business partners, providing solutions to improve the consumer experience, increase efficiencies, and optimize health outcomes for our members through leveraging cutting edge technology. 
 
Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.

We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.

Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
Since our inception in 2009, Foursquare has been a leading force in changing how location information enriches our real-world and digital lives. As a location intelligence company, Foursquare is comprised of two well-known consumer apps, Foursquare and Swarm, as well as thriving media and enterprise products.  Our B2B offerings include Places (for developers), Pinpoint and Attribution (for marketers), and Place Insights (for analysts, based on the world's largest foot traffic panel). With more than 200 people across our offices in New York, San Francisco, and in sales offices around the globe, we’re dedicated to our trailblazing mission—enriching consumer experiences and informing business decisions with location intelligence.

About our Analytics position:
Foursquare is expanding its world class analytics team with the mission of reinventing how the online and offline world is connected using our proprietary location intelligence solutions.  Foursquare is seeking a NYC-based talented analytics professional to help with all aspects of strategic insight development, leveraging our unique foot traffic panel and location technology.  Reporting into the Head of Analytics, this role will work closely with stakeholders across the organization to optimize normalization schemes, develop compelling and innovative applications of our data, and build out methods for improving our algorithms and data quality.  

Our ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fluid start-up environment and will bring an energetic, fun, and creative approach to their work. They should be a motivated self-starter with exceptional analytic and problem-solving skills.  Industry experience in predictive modeling, data science and strategic analytics with large datasets is preferred.  We're eager to meet those who are interested in location-based services and are comfortable jumping in the deep end, learning new skills on a bleeding edge platform, and pushing out tons of high quality work quickly.

Requirements 
MS or PhD in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or Engineering or a BS with extensive experience in the field
2+ years work experience as a data scientist or in analytics, working with big datasets
Expertise in SQL, Hive, Redshift, Presto or other analytics programming/query tools
A solid understanding of methodology, data & systems from a broad range of research & analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods
Ability to think strategically and tie analytical work to business strategy
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space
Experience in the following fields (any): strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization schemes, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting
Must be a self-motivated team player and comfortable working in a small, fast paced, exciting environment
Knowledge of Foursquare or location data and an ability to clearly understand our underlying data assets
About this role:  The Director of Measurement and Analytics is responsible for overseeing analytic insights and strategic thinking across all client engagements and leading efforts to analyze marketing campaigns across multiple channels (online/offline). This position will serve as the agency expert on campaign performance and will develop insightful analysis and actionable recommendations to help drive the improvement of client marketing programs. The Director of Measurement and Analytics is responsible for leading all analysis.  This includes developing and managing methodologies for test structure, tracking, identifying, problem-solving, interpreting and presenting campaign results and insights.  
 
Responsibilities: 
Create and develop analytical plans and strategies to improve the effectiveness of marketing actions
Analyze all integrated marketing efforts and their impact on business goals
Become the in-house expert on all data relevant to client campaign performance
Partner with account services to translate client objectives into measureable metrics
Perform hands-on analysis to proactively provide insight regarding trending and recommendations
Lead the client in Best Practices in Testing, Measurement and Analytics.
Experience in developing and presenting insights with strategic recommendations/actionable next steps based on in-depth analysis to the account teams and clients
Manage relationships with internal stakeholders and clients to grow the analytics practice across the account
Lead the team in segmentation/targeting, media/market mix modeling, online/web experience analytics, and CRM/Customer Behavior Path measurement, media/social analytics.
Involved in New Business Pitches
Required Skills 
Organized, analytical and detail-oriented to meet deadlines
Ability to multi-task and adapt to change in a fast paced environment-Prioritize work across multiple projects, develop project timelines and manage appropriately to achieve goals
Must be pro-active, curious, and problem solver
Ability to educate and integrate with a large team of marketing professionals who are not very familiar with advanced statistical techniques. Proven ability to clearly articulate insights and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail a must
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Experience in conducting and managing digital analytics
Direct Marketing experience
Advertising agency experience is strongly preferred but not required
10+ years of experience developing and managing analytics and reporting projects involving internal resources, vendors, and clients
Strong math and analytical skills
Advanced MS Office skills (Access, MS Word, Excel(Macros, PowerPoint)
Quantitative background (preferred advanced degree in Statistics, Social Science Research, Economics, Quantitative Marketing)
Experience in designing and maintaining historical databases
Experience with one or more of the following:
SAS
SPSS
VBA
PHP
Applied Statistics
Tablaeu
SQL
Web Analytics(SiteCatalyst, Google Analytics, Omniture, WebTrends) and digital media analytics (Doubleclick, Atlas) a plus
MRM//McCann is committed to being the most relevant, effective, indispensable marketing agency in the digital world. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to meet each client’s unique challenges with positive, measureable results. Our strategic, creative and technological expertise-including deep experience with segmentation, targeting, and analytical tools and methodologies- deliver the most effective marketing programs and platforms in the world.
MRM//McCann is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other occupationally irrelevant criteria.
Kargo is the leader in mobile brand advertising. Bringing together creativity, technology and quality, Kargo empowers advertisers to break convention and build connections with consumers on the most important screen today—the phone. Through our high-end editorial alliance composed of world-class publisher partners, as well as our proprietary advertising automation tools and award-winning creative studio, we enable brands and agencies to reach eight out of 10 smartphone users in the US with memorable, measurable mobile ad experiences. In 2015, Kargo was recognized by Crain’s NY Business as one of the 50 fastest growing companies in New York and by Inc. as one of the 500 fastest-growing companies in the US. Business Insider also ranked Kargo one of the “hottest pre-IPO ad tech startups” in both 2015 and 2016. Kargo employs more than 200 people in New York, Chicago, Dallas, San Francisco, Los Angeles and London.
Who We Are:
We’re a full-stack team with expertise in mobile, web, and backend. We’re building out products to enable better decisions on the parts of our users, modeling the underlying behaviors of our creatives, and making targeting recommendations. Our technology stack is mainly based on Scala and Go, with support from Apache Kafka, Spark, and R.
We Are Hiring For:
Advertiser Experience: Advertising experience is at the heart of the data team, supporting all key features getting built every quarter which provides a rich exposure to the advertising industry. The team works closely with product design, product managers, and researchers with a focus on scale, reliability, and modularity.
Who You Are:
A Senior Developer ready to design and implement awesome new features in an analytics platform through innovation and data-driven iterations at scale.
Someone who understands that communicating data is as important as collecting it in manageable forms. You have a passion for good design and maintainable code.
Someone who wants to push limits of product innovation using the latest advancements in technology and methods - working closely with product managers and other engineering teams.
Someone that works best in an environment with a sense of urgency and can rapidly iterate on product/platform features.
Requirements:
Strong algorithms, data structures, and coding background
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)
B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)
Experience with Apache Spark, Kafka, or streaming applications is a plus.
Bankrate.com is seeking an entrepreneurial and seasoned Data Scientist to lead the Bankrate.com Data Science team based in our New York City office.
 
Bankrate.com, a division of Bankrate Inc. (NYSE: RATE) provides consumers with comprehensive and objective information, tools and resources to help solve their life’s financial journey. Bankrate aggregates audiences of in-market consumers at scale and then connects them with providers that pay us based on the value created.
 
As Director - Data Science, you will be responsible for leading a wide spectrum of strategic initiatives at Bankrate.com ranging from Personalization and Relationship marketing to Pricing the leads we send to our advertisers. Specifically, the responsibilities will include:
 
Create Data Science Vision and roadmap for Bankrate.com based on a thorough understanding of our strategy, consumer and advertiser needs, market trends and the competitive landscape.
Collaborate with Bankrate.com leadership to define and prioritize the development of data-centric features and products
Engage deeply with Data Engineering, Product Development, Sales and Marketing teams on various initiatives.
Communicate strategy and recommendations effectively to diverse audience including executive management, internal and external business partners.
Provide technical oversight and mentorship to direct report
 
Requirements:
 
5+ years experience as a Data Scientist in internet focused businesses.
Solid hands-on experience in practical predictive modelling and in building recommendation engines.
Advanced degree in computer science, math, statistics or a related quantitative field
Able to tell compelling stories with data and a deep appreciation for both the power and limits of data
Outstanding intellect, drive and interpersonal skills and the drive to challenge the status quo
Proven ability to guide cross-functional teams through influence versus direct management.
About SecurityScorecard 
We’re a quickly growing, Sequoia Capital and GV backed information security SaaS company based in Manhattan. We’re helping organizations across the globe manage and understand their security posture and their vendor’s security posture through our security ratings platform. At SecurityScorecard, we're building a cloud-based threat intelligence solution and big-data security platform, pushing the limits of technology, and energizing our growth while at the same time improving the data accuracy and reliability of our services. We’re fun, fast, smart, and looking for individuals that can help us grow and make the most of what we have to offer, taking initiative and advantage of the flexibility we provide. 

About the Position 
SecurityScorecard's Data Science team is an integral part of our organization, responsible for solving difficult data problems while embracing cyber security challenges with open arms. We’re working on some interesting problems, and we’re searching for a Data Scientist who’ll help us develop predictive models and classifiers that will be implemented as commercial solutions. You'll be gathering and processing dirty data at scale, including writing scripts, calling APIs, and writing SQL queries. In addition to creating a variety of predictive models from our datasets that can support security research, you'll visualize a variety of threat signal data to uncover how security vulnerabilities and malware spread across networks. 

What you have 
Experience and love for problems with large data sets, machine learning, visualization, and cyber security
Commercial experience developing predictive models or classifiers
Experience with ETL techniques
Clear, concise, and effective communication skills (written and verbal)
Ability to collaborate with engineers across different teams to understand and solve problems
Understanding of Agile development practices
Bonus: knowledge of NLP concepts
Tools you'll use 
Python
Open-source numerical and scientific libraries
Scikit
AWS
Postgres
D3
Nice to have: Scala
Why You’ll Love Us 
At SecurityScorecard, we take working hard and playing hard very seriously. We provide competitive salaries, stock options, and the full gamut of benefits along with the perks that come with being a Sequoia and GV-backed company. We expect a lot from our people and we reward them handsomely. We have a work-from-home Friday benefit, weekly Lunch and Learns and Security Learnings to further our employee’s education. In addition to the beer keg and foosball table, we even provide a stipend for any career-related education.
10 days ago - save job
- original job 
Described by Forbes as “Tech’s Next Billion Dollar Star”, Rent the Runway is disrupting the $1.7T Global Fashion Industry by ensuring that rental is a habitual, convenient, daily part of getting dressed. Since our launch in late 2009, we have raised over $125MM and built a transformative business model, proprietary data/technology systems all coded in-house, a unique reverse logistics operation and one of the most beloved brands on earth. With analytics being the first senior role hired at the company in early 2010, the power and influence of data has been embedded in our DNA since the beginning - and coupled with our entrepreneurial, risk-taking spirit, we are a powerful force in an exciting phase of growth and scaling. 

Responsibilities:
Apply expertise in quantitative analysis and data mining to see beyond the numbers and extract actionable insights on how our customers use our service and derive value
Develop a deep understanding of the loyalty behavior of our customers. Work collaboratively with Product, Engineering and Marketing teams to develop and measure existing/new rental programs that motivate repeat usage and normalizes rental as part of our users’ lives
Develop a deep understanding of price sensitivity of our users for various rental consumption models. Execute and measure impact of surgically changing pricing on our entire catalog
More broadly, design and evaluate experiments that impact user behavior. Diagnose and communicate root causes of changes in user behavioral metrics
Develop and share best operating practices within the Analytics team
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related technical field. Advanced degrees and specialization even better.
3+ years experience doing quantitative analysis.
High proficiency in databases (e.g: MySQL) and query languages (e.g: SQL)
Experience with Tableau (reporting suite) and scripting languages (e.g: Python) preferred
Experience with using packages like R to perform deeper analyses also a plus
Passion for data and its fundamental ability to create value
Job Summary & Responsibilities
Internal Audit (IA) supports the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee and senior firm leadership in fulfilling their oversight roles by independently assessing the firm’s internal control structure, raising awareness of control risk, providing advice to management in developing control solutions, and monitoring the implementation of management’s control measures. 

IA is comprised of the following global functional audit teams covering the various business areas of the firm: Securities, Investment Management, Corporate, GS Bank USA, and Technology. 

The data analytics team intends to provide analytics strategy and support for audit teams (Securities-IBD, Investment Management, Corporate (Finance, Risk, Services), and Technology teams with the objective of optimizing the audit approach and testing to focus on the areas or risks that need the most attention.   

RESPONSIBILITIES 

You will be expected to: 
-  Develop applications and back-end processes supporting the data architecture and data modeling strategy for the DA team. Applications will be  developed in Java, Slang, and other strategic programming languages and APIs used by the firm. Similarly, knowledge of Perl 
-  Extract data from data stores, profile data and decipher the data quality. it is important to ensure that the quality of data being used for various analytical efforts is very high. 
-  Build and manage metadata (data dictionary) for a wider audience. This would assist non-technical auditors to understand the data analytics artifacts. 
-  Build visualization analytics to present scenarios from the data; paint the big picture for management reporting on potential risks and incorporate the ability to drill down to the lowest level while doing root cause analyses


Basic Qualifications
-  Degree in Computer Science 
-  Demonstrated development expertise, ideally in an OO language (e.g. Java, C++) 
-  Development experience with scripting languages such as Python or Perl 
-  Experience with SQL programming , preferably in Sybase and MS SQL 
-  Excellent communication skills (written and oral). Ability to communicate what is relevant and important in a clear and concise manner 
-  Drive and Motivation. Ability to handle multiple tasks, takes initiative to improve his/her own performance


Preferred Qualifications
-  Knowledge of basic statistics (Time Series Analysis, Correlation, Regression) and it’s application to data 
-  Experience with any visualization tool (Spotfire, Qlikview or Tableau) will be an added advantage 
-  LINUX/UNIX System Administration 
-  Creativity/Innovation. Ability to create new ways to improve current processes and develop solutions that are grounded in reality and have practical value 
This is one of the largest writers of life insurance in the U.S. and a top player in annuities, long-term care and mutual funds.

They have a wealth of proprietary data and information on consumers, policies and their performance, as well as applicants, prospects and thousands of agents. They also have a multitude of external data from a great variety of sources. The company is likely the most data-rich company in the life insurance industry. Analytical challenges range from mortality risk (with a number of both medical and non-medical components) to agent recruiting decisions, consumer analytics (segmentation, response, conversion, retention, up-sell), fraud detection and digital advertising placement.

POSITION OVERVIEW:

The role is leading a team of 2 direct reports. You will work with the corporate databases and preparing them for use: cleaning, feature creation, data massaging, statistics, etc. You will be the data lead on all modeling and analytics projects.
You will determine if they have the right data and know what can be done using the data. You will also interact with external vendors to acquire data such as prescription data and consumer demographic data. This is mainly a technical role.

You will apply your highly developed analytical skills to work on all aspects of the life insurance value chain, ranging from risk models, fraud detection, process triaging, and marketing predictions to a variety of other analytics solutions.

You will apply your leadership experience, high energy level and business sense to supervise staff, ingest and wrangle data, manage analytics projects, propose analytics strategy, create related business cases, drive several large initiatives, build and implement solutions at scale and give presentations as a subject matter expert.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Ingests, understands, merges various novel external and internal datasets and prepares them for a variety of advanced analytics projects. Functions as data expert, substantially contributes to analytics/solutions design and productizing decisions.
Independently leads data analysis and modeling projects from project/sample design, business review meetings with internal and external clients deriving requirements/deliverables, reception and processing of data and performing analyses to final reports/presentations, communication of results and implementation support.
Tests new analytical software, platforms and methods for continual improvement of our environment, skill sets and solutions.
Proactively and effectively communicates in various verbal and written formats with internal stakeholders on product design, data specification, model implementations, with partners on collaboration ideas and specifics, with clients and account teams on project/test results, opportunities, questions. Resolves problems and removes obstacles to timely and high-quality project completion.
Manages staff including goal setting, performance evaluation, effective resource allocation and career/skill development, hiring and training.
Actively contributes to analytics strategy by contributing ideas, preparing presentation material for internal stakeholders, and product design/business case materials for the company leadership.
Follows industry trends in insurance and related data/analytics processes and businesses.
Assures compliance with regulatory and privacy requirements during design and implementation of modeling and analysis projects.
Travels to events and vendor meetings as needed (< 10%).
PREFERRED PROFILE: 

Graduate-level degree with concentration in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, computer science, mathematics, economics, or operations research OR Associateship/Fellowship in one of the Actuarial Societies (CAS or SOA).
6+ years of experience with data wrangling using large and complex datasets. Experience with life, health or P&C insurance data is a plus.
2+ years of management experience. Proven ability to effectively manage own and associates’ time while multitasking between multiple, time-sensitive projects and competing priorities in a dynamic business environment while maintaining strong, productive relationships with internal stakeholders and external partners. Ability to provide technical guidance to direct reports.
Special aptitude for ingesting, understanding, cleaning, merging and exploring multiple large and complex internal and external datasets. Ability to insightfully consult on a variety of analytics projects by functioning as the data expert.
Proficiency in SAS, R, SQL, Python and/or similar software as well as Oracle, SQL, Hadoop and other database systems.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, listening and teamwork skills, and effective presentation skills. This is absolutely essential since you will have a lot of exposure to different internal groups (data, IT, actuarial, medical, underwriting, Legal, Agency, government relations, etc.) as well as third-party data partners.
Demonstrated experience in strategic and analytical leadership. Executive presence on high-level meetings. Credible functional expertise in data science, especially data wrangling.
Understanding of statistical modeling concepts, designs and analytics-based products.
Proficiency in creating effective and visually appealing PowerPoint presentations.
The fastest growing Big Four professional services firm in the U.S., KPMG is known for being a great place to work and build a career. We provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.
KPMG is currently seeking a Data & Analytics Senior Consultant – Microsoft Big Data & Analytics, to join our New York office with other locations considered.

Responsibilities:
Assess, capture, and translate complex business issues and requirements into a structured analytics use case, including rapid learning of industry/domain/client dynamics and development of effective work stream plans
Utilize a hypothesis-driven problem-solving approach to design, construct, and rapidly test/iterate exploratory analyses that will reveal insight and opportunities for the client
Deliver client analytics project work stream through direct ownership of data ingestion, validation, mining, and engineering, as well as modeling, visualization, and client communication deliverables (on more advanced projects, will work with data science, big data, and visualization experts)
Build analytics solutions using variety of big data technologies and analytics tools as required by the client, and create robust documentation of solutions and underlying design decisions and operating procedures
Support project leaders in tracking and communicating project risks, budget, rates, and launch/closeout activities, including the administration of work papers and collaboration sites 
Proactively broaden and deepen client relationships by working with varying levels of client team members
Qualifications:
Minimum of four years of data analytics experience with a professional services firm, an internal strategy/analytics group, or similar environment 
Bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative field from an accredited college or university (master’s or MBA degree preferred) with working knowledge of topics such as statistics, econometrics, machine learning, operations research, decision science, and cloud computing
Demonstrated analytics solution design and build expertise, work stream management skills, strong business consulting acumen in applying advanced analytics to solve business issues, and knowledge of business operational, process, delivery, and revenue models
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain technical concepts and analytics-driven findings to business people, and to explain business processes, concepts, challenges, and issues to technical resources; ability to travel up to 80%

KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.
As Data Scientist, our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of how our people use our apps to impact the product, strategy and direction of Spotify. You will study user behavior, strategic initiatives, content, and new features and bring data and insights into every decision we make. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

We are developing a world-class advertising platform to support the free tier of Spotify. Scientist in this area will be helping to answer questions such as:
How can we innovate the audio advertising format?
How do we accurately measure ad effectiveness and utilize this information?
What levers can we use to convert users in the Freemium model?
How do we optimize to show the right ads to the right users at the right times?

What you’ll do:
Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions
Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders
Work closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, user researchers, product owners, designers, and engineers who are passionate about Spotify’s success
Conduct A/B tests to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation
Build lasting solutions to surface critical data and performance metrics
Work from our offices in New York
Who you are:
You have at least 4+years of experience in a similar data science role and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.
You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense.
Ideally you have experience working in an analytics role within an advertising function and have conducted A/B tests
You have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics:
Coding skills for analytics and data extraction (SQL, R, Python, Pandas)
Data visualization (such as Tableau, Qlik, D3, ggplot)
Experience performing analysis with large datasets
Experience building statistical models a plus
You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems.
You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.
We're seeking a Graduate Student Fellow focused on Data Science! Interested in changing the ratio, and contributing to a great organization? VoteRunLead is seeking smart go-getters, who are looking for an opportunity to put their passions and skills in to action in real time, on live projects. VoteRunLead combines the best parts of in-person engagement and civic action and engagement, with the ethos and pace of start-up tech.

Areas of Interest:

Data Science
Data Visualization
Role and Responsibilities:

This will depend on your skill set, interests, and the types of skills you're looking to acquire / put into action. On a day-to-day basis, responsibilities include:

Assessing the wealth of data we have, and determining trends and gaps.
Advice on new data to track (or things we should stop tracking!), in which ways, and what strategies will best serve our goals and needs over time.
Advice on how to best leverage our data in ways that continues to feed our mission.
Breaking down long term assignments into day-to-day tasks that allow for timely and effective completion.
Ownership of, and accountability for, projects from beginning to end, with sharp attention to detail.
Requirements:

Capable of speaking up and asking clarifying questions.
Proactive in scheduling meetings with and reaching out with needs for relevant team members.
Optimism and a creative outlook -- a dogged focus on informed solutions.
Committed to women’s equality and the hustle it will take to the change the ratio of women leaders, permanently.
Compensation:

Stipend $500/semester
If NYC based, monthly metrocard reimbursement

About VoteRunLead
VoteRunLead is a national, nonpartisan organization that unleashes the power of women leaders in democracy through training, technology and community. We aim for large-scale impact on women’s representation never before seen in the United States. By harnessing social networks as a new and powerful recruitment tool, creating an online platform to learn to run and lead, and conducting in-person trainings that build community, VoteRunLead will fuel women’s ambition for political leadership and close the knowledge gap around politics for women from all classes, cultures and colors. VoteRunLead.org
We are looking for Senior Data Scientist to join the band and help drive a data-first culture across Spotify.
As Data Scientist, our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of how our people use our apps to impact the product, strategy and direction of Spotify. You will study user behavior, strategic initiatives, content, and new features and bring data and insights into every decision we make. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. 

What you’ll do:
Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions
Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders
Work closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, user researchers, product owners, designers, and engineers who are passionate about Spotify’s success
Work from our offices in New York 
Conduct A/B testing to drive iterative improvement through efficient experimentation
Who you are:
You have at least 4+years of experience in a similar data scientist and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.
You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense.
Ideally you have experience working in a product analytics or insights role and have conducted A/B tests
You have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics:
Coding skills for analytics and data extraction (SQL, R, Python, Pandas)
Data visualization (such as Tableau, Qlik, D3, ggplot)
Experience performing analysis with large datasets
You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems.
You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.
As the world’s largest research organization, Nielsen is powered by talented creative scientists. Our Data Scientists come from diverse disciplines such as statistics, research methodology, mathematics, psychology, business, engineering and demography. These professionals drive innovation, new product ideation, experimental design and testing, complex analysis and delivery of data insights.

This position manages a Data Science Team that supports Nielsen’s Brand Effect products.  Serves as Data Science liaison with stakeholders including Product Leadership, Operations, Client Services, and Technology.  Manages Data Science activities in support of on-going deliveries and client commitments.  Partners with Product Leadership to enhance existing product methodologies and develop new products.  

Job Responsibilities
Consults with internal and external clients providing expert technical consultation to solve complex Data Science related issues
Assists in rolling out new or enhanced services
Provides local knowledge answering questions to the Operations team
Ensures Data Science services are delivered to the highest quality standards 
Gathers client requirements from commercial teams and Product Leadership.
Turn numbers into stories that clients can understand.
Uses statistical methodologies to analyze the data.    
Compiles and delivers documentation material such as power point slides for methodology questions and/or frequently asked questions.
Performs basic client service duties as needed.
Participates in team projects and staff meetings.
Collaborates with cross-functional teams to provide a professional, clear response to all clients.
Maintains /creates internal and external methodology whitepapers and documents. 
Provides service specifications to the Methods teams and collaborate with Methods on methodologies to ensure these meet client requirements.
Manages team of 3-5 direct reports.
Role Requirements 
Bachelors degree in Statistics, Social Science, Operation Research, or other hard sciences (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, Biology, Physics etc.) Masters degree preferred
5+ years experience 
Outstanding analytical expertise
Excellent leadership and people management skills 
Excellent presentation skills for internal and external clients
Embodies the Nielsen Leadership values (e.g. diversity, inclusiveness, integrity, etc.)
Strong communication skills (verbal and written)
Strong statistical and logic skills
Exceptional aptitude for data analysis  
Accuracy and attention to detail
Assesses situations quickly and act with agility
Advanced proficiency in data analysis, statistical methods, and methodologies
Ability to work cross-functionally and energize, empower and influence at all levels (both internal and external)
Experience working in support of Media or Advertising Effectiveness industry clients or services - preferred
Proficiency with Statistical Software – preferably Python or R - preferred
Company Description
Our Profession is our Passion! We at RangTechnologies specialize in planning, implementing, managing, and staffing InformationTechnology Solutions and Services. Our goal is to help our clients define their investments in technology, optimize processes that bring fast-track success, and deliver business-critical applications to improve performance. We value diversity. We operate as one team, bringing highly qualified and experienced software and management professionals with advanced degrees in Computer Science, Management, Engineering, Statistics and Bioinformatics.

The values that drive our success are:
• Strategy: We help our clients’ growth by achieving competitive advantage and creating value.
• Quality: We believe in ‘Quality First’ and ‘Quality Must’ in solutions we deliver.
• Support: We bring ideas and talent to empower business performance with new-age technologies.

We take pride in building strategic long-term relationship with our clients.
Job Description
- Developing predictive models in the area of marketing

- Understanding business problems and translating it into data mining problems

- Applying techniques such as clustering, classification and association

- Web analytics, Data mining techniques application for large data. 

- The key personnel shall also demonstrate experience using advanced analytic techniques such as modern econometric methods, multivariate statistical analysis, clustering and segmentation, experimental design, optimization and text analytics.

- Predictive models to improve advertiser campaign performance

- Machine learning models for categorizing web pages and content

- Fraud detection & automated ranking content quality
Qualifications
- MS in Analytics or Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Operations research, Financial Engineering or related field. 

- Experience using packages such as EXCEL, STATA, MATLAB, SAS, R, Python, Mathematica, Perl, Oracle 11g, SQL.

- Strong problem solving skills are a must! This is primarily a problem-solving job

- Programming skills SAS, R, Python.

- Experience/Interest in machine learning, data mining, and predictive analysis

- Excellent verbal and written communication skills

- Ability to work independently and with a team

- Experience with natural language processing

- Experience in building production machine learning systems using big data

- Experience with open-source tools (Hadoop/Pig/Hive, Mahout, R, Weka, etc.)

- Experience in data visualization and presentation

- Experience in Digital Advertising 
I'm interested
Our client offers an engine that automates the most creative part of the data-science life cycle: featuring engineering. It is integrated with external data sources to enrich client data and analyze it in real-world context, as well as top industry ML Packages to create production ready predictive models.
Responsibilities include: Working directly with customers’ Data Science teams to help them to be successful with the Discovery Platform; our Data Scientists get to work on solving various problem types across various domains (Financial Risk, Telco Churn, Maintenance Failure, Marketing, Oil & Gas Exploration, Logistics Delays and more...)
; Translating Data Science to business values
; Consulting on our approach to Data Science using our automated AI-powered research engine
; Helping to shape new functionality for our unique offering
Candidates should demonstrate:
; Experience in Data Science (1-5 years)
; Customer facing experience and excellent presentation and communication skills which include clear English and confident manner of communication; day to day activities include lots of phone calls and remote sessions with our clients' teams and some onsite meetings (some travel required, but short durations).
; Able to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
; MS/PhD in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
; Programming skills for handling data (Python, SQL, Scala, Java)
; Experience with Hive/Hadoop, Spark
; Experience with statistical tools or packages (R / RapidMiner / Scikit)
; Experience with Machine Learning techniques
ABOUT GROUPM MULTICULTURAL ANALYTICS: 
We are the leading multicultural marketing analytics specialists, leveraging progressive approaches that balance the art and science of data analytics to drive our organization towards a holistic multicultural solution. By daring ourselves to rethink our client’s business challenges, quantifying the business opportunity and humanizing the data to get a true portrait of the multicultural consumer, we unearth consumer insights that drive true business impact. As part of the team, you’ll be leading cutting edge initiatives across the GroupM umbrella to deliver vigorous analytic and strategic solutions that will define the future of multicultural marketing. If you want to be a part of a team that is innovative, passionate, curious and creative then this is the role for you. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 
• Develop solutions to address brand's strategic needs, i.e. in-depth understanding of best prospect identification, channel allocation, ROI of past efforts, optimal budget setting, campaign flighting optimization, campaign performance metric setting, etc. 
• Support and guide implementation of research into agency planning process to enhance the overall product and ground it in data-driven solutions 
• Develop agency guidelines for optimal use/application of sources and tools, both traditional and online sources and approaches to be used by clients 
• Ensure proper utilization and interpretation of media research information across 
• Seek opportunities to enhance the agency’s ability to understand and implement new insights through original research and analytical approaches 
• Manage one or more analysts to complete various levels of work and provide strategic oversight of projects 
• Attend industry research-related conferences and functions 


DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE 
• BS/BS or MA/MS (concentration in marketing and/or communications helpful) 
• 0-2 years of experience (media/marketing research, communications planning) 
• Excellent analytical skills - advanced statistics a plus 
• Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint 
• Possession of excellent written, oral communication and presentation skills 
• Ability to translate information and data into insights 
• Visionary; Proactive 
• Good listening and follow-up skills 
• Dynamic and flexible 
• Good at multi-tasking 
• Experience managing direct reports a plus 
• Proficiency in media research resource such as consumer studies (GFK MRI, Simmons, Scarborough,) comScore (Mobile Metrix, Plan Metrix, Media Metrix,) Nielsen Online (Ad Relevance,) Ad Effectiveness studies (Dynamic Logic, Vizu,) Kantar Stradegy, is desirable, but not required 
• Proficiency in SPSS is also desirable, but not required 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Machine Learning group is looking for scientists to join the New York office. AWS is the clear leader in cloud computing. Leading in Machine Learning requires the best scientists in the world. As a scientist at AWS you will invent, implement and deploy state of the art algorithms and systems. You will build prototypes and explore new solutions. You will interact closely with costumers and understand their machine learning challenges. You will be at the heart of a growing and exciting focus area for AWS and work with acclaimed engineers and world famous scientists. 

Basic Qualifications 
* Be clear experts in a field and be able to drive a research agenda that is well aligned with business needs. 
* Maintain a current understanding of industry and technology trends in the area of research. 
* Improve and accelerate technology with science, statistical modeling, algorithm design, and prototyping. 
* Contribute to Amazon's Intellectual Property through patents and/or external publications. 
* Understand business context to decisions made within and across groups. 
* Effectively communicating with senior management, colleagues, the open source community and academia. 
* Actively participate in hiring talented people and assist in the career development of others both on and outside the team, mentoring individuals and helping other managers guide the career growth of their team members. 
* Demonstrate high levels of creativity and right judgment. 

Preferred Qualifications 
* Graduate degree in computer science, operations research, statistics, engineering, or mathematics 
* 5+ years of related work experience 
* Experience with fast prototyping 
* Experience object oriented languages and efficient low level coding 
* Experience with data mining or machine learning applications 
* Experience working effectively with software engineering teams 
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
As part of the Strategy, Analytics, and Innovation group, the Data Scientist will develop innovative analytical approaches to merchandising, supply chain, customer, and pricing strategies. The Data Scientist will create practical methods to forecast demand, understand customer preferences, simulate business outcomes, and optimize major investments. The Data Scientist will work closely with cross functional groups to enhance analytical capabilities, identify new growth opportunities, and develop persuasive interactive visualizations.
 
Essential Functions:
 
• Answer complex business questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data or designing and running experiments to gather data 
• Develop novel applications of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization techniques 
• Work closely with cross functional teams to encourage best practices for experimental design and data analysis 
• Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company
 
Qualifications:
 
Education/Experience:
 
• M.S. or Ph.D. (preferred) in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Economics
• Expert knowledge of analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA and scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or PHP
• Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
• Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools such as Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc
• Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau or Spotfire
 
Communication Skills:
 
• Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
 
Other Skills:
 
• Strong passion for answering complex business questions using structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis 
We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our team in NYC!

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to effectively influence consumers everywhere, on every device. We solve the most pressing problems for brands, agencies, publishers, and technology companies by verifying that every impression has the opportunity to be effective, optimizing towards opportunities to consistently improve results, and analyzing digital’s impact on consumer actions. Built on data science and engineering, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in ten countries. Our growth and innovation have been recognized in Inc. 500, Crain’s Fast 50, Forbes America’s Most Promising Companies, and I-COM’s Smart Data Marketing Technology Company. IAS was also named to Crain’s Best Places to Work in NYC for three years running, Great Companies to Work For in NYS, and AdAge's list of Best Places to Work in the US.

The Data Science team at Integral is a high profile team that is a center of innovation for the company and a major contributor to the company’s core products. The types of challenges we solve have attracted people from industry and academia with diverse backgrounds, ranging from machine learning, physics, biology, neuroscience, and computer science to finance and economics. We’re passionate about maintaining an open and collaborative environment, where team members bring their own unique style of thinking and tools to the table.
Responsibilities:
Work on challenging fundamental data science problems in online advertising
Propose and develop solutions independently and leading a group of other data scientists
Prepare white papers, scientific publications and conference presentations
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify and answer important product questions
Communicate findings to product managers and engineers
Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
Analyze and interpret the results
Develop best practices for instrumentation and experimentation and communicate those to product engineering teams
Requirements:
Ph.D. in a relevant technical (machine learning, computer science, physics, mathematics, statistics, or related field), or 4+ years experience in a relevant role
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches using machine learning methods
Track record of using advanced statistical methods, information retrieval, data mining techniques
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
Fluency with at least one scripting language such as Python
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R or Matlab
Experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, etc.)
CB&I is seeking a Data Analyst to join a project team that is managing a major Superstorm Sandy homeowner recovery program in New York City for a governmental agency client. This is an exciting opportunity to help rebuild a stronger, safer city and create a lasting impact on the community. This role will be responsible for performing analytics, reporting, developing dashboards and scorecards for various data. 

This position is a high-visibility role that liaises with multiple NYC agencies and analyzes data sets to draw business insights and communicates results to high-level program directors, clients and other stakeholders.
 
Key Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
Partnering with clients and internal stakeholders to define and prioritize informational requirements
Analyzing large data sets 
Presenting data in charts, graphs, tables, and databases
Visualizing and reporting data findings creatively in a variety of formats
Producing status reports, dashboards, scorecards, and trend analysis. 
Interacting with clients and internal team members to understand priorities, goals and recommending best practices
Supporting data warehousing efforts 
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Mathematics/Statistics, Economics, or Computer Science required or Master’s in Public Policy, Urban Planning or Business Administration
Minimum 2 years of demonstrated analyst experience 
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills; must be proficient in writing formulas, pivot tables, and charting/graphing data
Ability to assist construction and project managers with production activities which may include generating reports, document management and coordinating tasks
Strong skills in problem solving and logic 
Quick learner 
Detail-oriented 
Strong communication skills 
Ability to think creatively and to work well both as part of a team and as an individual contributor
Ability to present and analyze ad hoc data requests with quick turnaround
Working knowledge of relational database concepts
Desired/Preferred Qualifications:
Master in Public Policy, Urban Planning or Business Administration preferred
SQL experience and/or relational data experience preferred
Microsoft Dynamics experience 
Intuit QuickBase experience
Data Scientist, Analytics
We’re looking for Data Scientists to join our Data Science team to help us make data-informed decisions across a number of areas in our organization, including Content Analytics, Subscription Analytics, Marketing and Listening Experiences. Our Data Science teams are using evidence in order to inform decisions across the organization and to build engaging, personally relevant experiences for our users.
In this role you will be responsible for conducting behavioral analyses, running and analyzing experiments, creating dashboards and building predictive models in order to inform decision making in a series of complex product and business problems. On a daily basis you will be collaborating with other data scientists in order to consult product managers, designers and engineers on the next possible action to their problems. Our technology stack includes a wide variety of technologies including HDFS, Spark, Redshift and Tableau.
You are an experienced data scientist with a curious analytical mindset, strong product intuition and fantastic storytelling skills. You feel comfortable writing code in Python or R and you are willing to learn new technologies. You have a background in a quantitative field (strong academic record preferred) and a track record of applying statistical inference and engineering in real world data science problems. You enjoy working with teams on a daily basis and you want to have a real impact in the world of music and creative expression.
Diversity at SoundCloud

SoundCloud is for everyone. Diversity and open expression are fundamental to our organization; they help us build a social platform and global community where anyone can create, discover, and share sounds. We acknowledge the challenges in our industry, and strive to develop an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute. 
MediaMath is a technology platform that brings together all forms of digital media, massive amounts of data, and sophisticated algorithms to power smarter marketing for the world’s leading advertisers. Technology like real-time bidding is revolutionizing marketing and MediaMath is at the cutting edge. Our platform handles millions of transactions per second and we reach hundreds of millions of desktop and mobile internet users worldwide. Our engineers develop complex, innovative, and highly scalable technology that is changing the face of digital media – devising new approaches, inventing new products, and opening up new markets. It’s a very exciting company in a very exciting industry. We’ve enjoyed massive growth since our founding in 2007, and we’re now a global company with offices in 20 locations – but this revolution has just begun!
 
We are currently looking for a Data Scientist to support the ongoing development of MediaMath’s proprietary algorithms and analytics. This individual will be a member of the Data Science team, working closely with the Product & Engineering teams on the conception, design, development, testing, and deployment of real-world applications of models & data that impact billions of dollars of marketing spend. From optimizing real-time bidding auctions, to separating human from non-human web traffic, to building out a global cross-device graph across billions of users, this individual will have the opportunity to work on numerous cutting-edge problems and develop scalable, high-performance solutions to big data problems using state-of-the art technologies, languages and frameworks.

Responsibilities: 
Develop a solid understanding of MediaMath’s business context, key problems and issues of importance to the company, and the ways in which data-driven models and algorithms can help drive performance and provide insights.
Develop a deep understanding of business data-sets through a combination of database queries, and exploratory statistical analysis and visualization.
Rapidly develop a deep understanding of the quantitative methodologies and implementation details behind existing machine learning algorithms in place, and the currently-planned roadmap of enhancements.
Formulate business needs as data science problems where applicable and effectively communicate these to peers, managers, and key stakeholders, including the benefits and limitations of models.
Design and develop Machine Learning models and algorithms that drive performance and provide insights, from prototyping to production deployment, across key areas of interest to the company (e.g., bidding optimization, messaging optimization, multi-touch attribution, fraud detection, device identification, cross-device association)
Partner closely with Engineering on the architecture and implementation of modeling efforts to ensure performance and scalability
Partner closely with Product on the incorporation of new modeling features into our product set, including UI & API layers
Develop tools and processes to monitor performance of existing models and implement enhancements to improve scalability, reliability, and performance.
Create supporting documentation for algorithms and models.
Stay abreast of new developments in Machine Learning and Data Science, and investigate & develop new “challenger” approaches to compete against current “champions”
Communicate effectively with other Data Scientists, with Product/Engineering, and with business stakeholders across the company to identify and define strategic data-intensive projects based on business needs.

Qualifications: 
BS, Masters, or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Math, Physics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, or similar)
Strong quantitative skills, with solid grasp of key concepts in Probability, Statistics, Algorithm design, and Machine Learning.
Strong communication skills, and the ability to effectively discuss models with other data-scientists as well as business partners at the appropriate level of technical detail.
At least a year of software development experience in Scala and/or Python.
Passion for hands-on "in-the-trenches" work with real-world data-sets.
Desirable: At least a year of hands-on experience with machine learning, predictive modeling, and statistical analysis techniques in a business environment
Desirable: Experience with Machine-Learning/Big-Data Platforms and modeling frameworks, especially Spark and Hadoop.
Desirable: Experience with Statistical modeling and Visualization with R or Python
Attributes:
Fast learner
Analytic thinker
Creative problem solver
Passion for applying quantitative methods to rea-world problems
Highly motivated
Collaborative team player
Focus on impact and scalability
Direct, honest communication style
How do we reward our outstanding Math Men and Math Women? We start with company equity, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, short term and long term disability and life insurance, Open Paid Time Off, free on-site chair massages and our 401(k) and 401(k) matching.  We then serve-up flexible spending accounts, bagel Fridays, free snacks and sodas, and the latest and greatest technology you need to do your job (including a $250 biennial allowance for the latest smartphone). And the cherry on top? Monthly MathMixers; including Potlucks, Trivia Nights, and pick-up basketball, to name a few.
 
In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees are expected to behave in keeping with the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.
 Viant is seeking a talented, self-motivated Data Analyst to support our Sales team in New York City. This role is responsible for producing data-driven insights as part of the Sales Engineering team. The Data Analyst is a key contributor to Viant’s role as trusted advisor to accounts at 2,000 global brands, ad agencies and other digital marketing services.
The ideal candidate will have a combination of technical and data analysis skills, as well as digital media industry knowledge. Successful Data Analysts at Viant synthesize insights from numerous data sources to ultimately allow the Viant's account team to assist the client with an actionable marketing strategy?
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Craft data-driven custom client insights to drive media sales within strategic accounts; based on several inputs: campaign delivery, CRM files, attribution of TV viewing plus linked digital or offline sales transactions
Analyze performance data to investigate hypotheses and to identify meaningful patterns in large, multi-dimensional data-sets
Assist in illustration of these insights using visualization and presentation software as well as ad hoc tools
Competencies: 
Excellent analytic and data analysis skills
Proficient in Excel & SQL (2+ Years)
Ability to tell a story through data: Show how the produced insights are valuable to the client
Acute attention to detail – Every piece of data we present to a client should have a reason.
Ability to manage priorities: go deep on specific clients while also managing multiple smaller requests in a timely fashion.
Education and/or Experience: 
Bachelors in Computer Science, Data Science, Economics, Business Administration or any analytical/quantitative discipline is preferred.
2+ years of industry-relevant experience: preferably in producing pre and post campaign insights for video & display, online, and cross-channel advertising & attribution.
Viant is seeking a talented, self-motivated Data Analyst to support our Sales team in New York City. This role is responsible for producing data-driven insights as part of the Sales Engineering team. The Data Analyst is a key contributor to Viant’s role as trusted advisor to accounts at 2,000 global brands, ad agencies and other digital marketing services.
The ideal candidate will have a combination of technical and data analysis skills, as well as digital media industry knowledge. Successful Data Analysts at Viant synthesize insights from numerous data sources to ultimately allow the Viant's account team to assist the client with an actionable marketing strategy?
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Craft data-driven custom client insights to drive media sales within strategic accounts; based on several inputs: campaign delivery, CRM files, attribution of TV viewing plus linked digital or offline sales transactions
Analyze performance data to investigate hypotheses and to identify meaningful patterns in large, multi-dimensional data-sets
Assist in illustration of these insights using visualization and presentation software as well as ad hoc tools
Competencies: 
Excellent analytic and data analysis skills
Proficient in Excel & SQL (2+ Years)
Ability to tell a story through data: Show how the produced insights are valuable to the client
Acute attention to detail – Every piece of data we present to a client should have a reason.
Ability to manage priorities: go deep on specific clients while also managing multiple smaller requests in a timely fashion.
Education and/or Experience: 
Bachelors in Computer Science, Data Science, Economics, Business Administration or any analytical/quantitative discipline is preferred.
2+ years of industry-relevant experience: preferably in producing pre and post campaign insights for video & display, online, and cross-channel advertising & attribution.
 Skills:
Demonstrable understanding of database management systems (DBMS); expertise with SQL and Google BigQuery highly desired.
Tableau, Microstrategy or similar BI experience highly desired.
Proficiency in Excel is required; Powerpoint, highly desired
Founded in 1955, the Albert Einstein College of Medicine (Einstein) is one of the nation’s premier institutions for medical education, basic research and clinical investigation. A full-time faculty of some 2,000 conducts research, teaches, and delivers health care in every major biomedical specialty. The college has some 730 medical students, 193 Ph.D. students, 106 MD/Ph.D. students and 275 postdoctoral fellows.
 
Einstein’s major strength, in addition to training physicians and scientists, is its science. During fiscal year 2015, the faculty’s consistently high level of scientific achievement resulted in the awarding of more than $150 million in peer-reviewed grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
 
Einstein is part of Montefiore Medicine Academic Health System, an integrated academic delivery system comprising seven campuses, including 8 hospitals, a multi-county ambulatory network, a new state-of-the art “hospital without beds”, a skilled nursing facility, school of nursing, home health agency, and the state’s first freestanding emergency department. As the University Hospital for the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Montefiore is a premier academic health system, employing Einstein’s clinical faculty and training Einstein’s medical students, over 1,300 residents, 420 allied health students, and 1,600 nursing students annually.
 
The Albert Einstein College of Medicine is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Einstein seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.
 
 
The Data Analyst works under the direction of Director of the Epidemiology Informatics and Study Management Unit to analyze research data and oversee computational and quality assurance issues relating to varied research projects.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Responsible for designing, coding and analyzing data and operational tracking reports. Oversee batch processing for various systems and oversee QA activities
Responsible for data integration from varied data sources relating to research projects. Oversee all data transfers and troubleshoot  data integrity issues via the development and implementation of quality control reports and procedures
Produce analytics data including preparation and cleansing of source data. Monitor and explain variances of research data and drive data quality improvements
Work closely with database engineers to address data quality issues and provide acceptance testing for new data applications
Map data flows and catalog existing data sources
Develop applications which will enable reporting and processing of clinical information and route information to the appropriate resource
Oversee and track utilization of the software systems. Troubleshoot data and system issues as necessary
Train and coordinate activities of all staff members with regard to various systems
Establish contact with outside research centers and oversee and coordinate activities regarding data activities
Develop and utilize a database application which will track participants status and resolve outstanding issues
Oversee and report on weekly data uploads and interfaces
Assist with many data related tasks for the Study Management Unit and perform other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS: 
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience required
Excellent working knowledge of Microsoft Access and Excel required
Working knowledge of SQL and SAS a bonus
Experience in testing calculations and data analysis
2-3 years of computer-related experience preferred
Ability to troubleshoot data related issues
Must have excellent computer skills and organizational skills and the capability to learn, apply and use new software when needed.
Suitable candidate would be highly-motivated, self-starter with a strong attention to detail. This person must be able to work independently and in a team environment within a deadline driven environment
Positive and proactive working style
The ideal candidate for this role would be an independent, self-motivated individual driven to build state-of-the-art data driven products with many of Viacom’s unique distributed data sources. We, the Data Strategy team at Viacom are looking to create be-spoke solutions and solve puzzles from the ever-changing social media industry.
 
Responsibilities
Build distributed, high-volume data pipelines to power new product features based on analytics and machine-learning. 
Work in full-stack mode, moving fluidly between Python, Scala, Java etc. 
Build applications that are AWS ready.
You’ve built your own highly fault-tolerant data pipelines from scratch, know what goes wrong, and have ideas for how to fix it.
Join a tightly knit team solving hard problems the right way.
Own meaningful parts of our service, have an impact, grow with the company.
Develop, test and maintain data architectures to ensure data analysis readiness.

Basic Qualifications 
BS/MS/PhD in a STEM field
You have built and operated data pipelines for real customers in production systems.
You are familiar with social APIs and their limitations.
You are fluent in several programming languages (Python, R, Scala, Julia, Java) and frameworks (Kafka, Storm, Hive, Redshift, Memsql).
You’ve built your own data pipelines from scratch and have architected solutions for data science and analytics.
You are knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data warehousing techniques.
Have deep understanding, fluency and advanced application of modern data processing technology stacks i.e. Spark, Hadoop, MemSql ecosystem technologies, and others
Deep understanding of NoSQL technologies including column family, graph, document, and key-value data storage technologies.
Deep understanding of relational database technologies and database development techniques.
Data science/data modeling experience involving statistics, machine learning, data mining, and/or predictive analytics
Strong technical background based on analytics implementation
Ability to extract data and make sounds arguments for utilization
Experience in marketing data analysis a plus
Analytical/statistical model deliverables demonstrated
A/B and Multivariate testing methodologies
Proven ability to triangulate and connect disparate data sources across online and offline channels
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Outstanding interpersonal communication and presentation skills
Ability to analyze both hard and soft consumer data
You’ve worked hard to get to where you are and want to work alongside people who’ve done the same. You’re looking to be challenged and to grow professionally, and you want to be valued and recognized for your contributions. Sirius Computer Solutions agrees.

As a nationally recognized IT solutions provider with an over 35-year history of success, Sirius is known for cultivating the best talent, providing a positive work environment, and offering a compensation and benefits package designed to help our employees thrive both personally and professionally. We deliver best-of-breed IT solutions from the world's top technology innovators, including Cisco, Citrix, CommVault, Dell, EMC, Hitachi, HP, IBM, NetApp, Nutanix, VMware, and many more. If you want to work with the Brightest Minds in the Business, contact us today. 


We are seeking a Sr. Data Analyst (Sr. Solutions Specialist) in the Greater New York City area to join our Brightlight Big Data & Analytics team. 

Position Summary: 
The primary responsibility of this position is to provide advanced data analysis and validation solutions and support to our clients, ensuring quality throughout the software development and enhancement process within a Sirius customer team. 

Primary Duties & Responsibilities:
• Provide advanced data analysis and validation solutions to clients, including: 
o Organizing and interpreting data 
o Using statistical techniques to analyze data
o Building and executing queries to view and parse data
o Creating and maintaining both detailed and summarized reports and documentation, to include tables, graphs, and/or charts, giving presentations on findings, as needed 
o Analyzing complex data sets for trends or patterns
o Performing data validation to ensure data quality


Requirements
Basic Qualifications: 
• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business, or a related field
• At least five (5) years’ Information Technology experience performing statistical data analysis, to include SQL querying experience
• At least three (3) years’ data validation experience (may be concurrent with the five (5) years of experience listed above) to include all of the following:
o Statistical algorithm validation
o ETL / data integration validation 
o Data Acquisition analysis and validation

Other Position Requirements: 
• Demonstrated skills in Microsoft Office, including with Excel and Access
• Demonstrated ability to perform data validation and analysis in Hadoop and other environments
• Demonstrated understanding of statistical concepts, models, and procedures
• Demonstrated experience working with customers to clarify needs and requirements and to build a solution vision
• Experience as a member of a technical project team, from design through delivery
• Experience making technical decisions regarding assigned tasks when presented with options by other team members 
• Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and identify potential problems and making appropriate changes 
• Demonstrated ability to create and maintain detailed technical documentation 
• Demonstrated presentation and communication skills 

Preferred Qualifications:
• Consulting experience

Essential Functions
The position exists to provide technical consulting solutions to customers and as such requires the ability to travel to and from customer sites and interact with customers on an ongoing and regular basis. 

Sirius is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. As a government contractor, Sirius takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans; maintains a drug-free workplace; and participates in E-Verify.

Individuals who receive job offers will be required to complete pre-employment screening that includes a background check verifying name, residences, education, work experience, and criminal convictions consistent with the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and a drug test for controlled substances consistent with the Drug-Free Workplace Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
We are looking for talented and intelligent people to join our team. We operate in a fast paced environment experiencing rapid growth so successful candidates will need to be committed to the success and growth of the business. This is a great opportunity to work with the latest technologies, and design and develop one of the biggest mobile advertising platforms currently available. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for technical investigation, platform maintenance and development supporting our Demand Side and Data Management Platforms.
As a Data Scientist you will analyze hyper-local data sources to develop accurate predictions of audience and behaviors. A mixture of analytical approaches are required including raw data mining, data visualization, application of rules and heuristics and supervised / unsupervised machine learning techniques.
We deal with extremely large data sets requiring the design and development of highly memory and cpu efficient methods. We use a mixture of commercial, open source and home-grown solutions.
Experience with horizontally scaling statistical algorithms is a plus as is familiarity with the Hadoop ecosystem.
 Responsibilities:
Raw data analysis - assessing quality, cleansing, structuring for downstream processing
Design and prototype of accurate and scalable prediction algorithms
Functional and technical documentation of designs
Collaboration with engineering team to bring analytical prototypes to production
Communication of results to partners and customers
 Requirements:
Creative and pragmatic quantitatively minded individual with a passion for understanding location and human behavior
Problem solving - ability to identify issues quickly and rapidly determine root cause and effective resolution approach
Data analysis - very solid data analysis skills including application of analytical techniques such as statistical and machine learning
Data management - familiarity with Hadoop ecosystem and SQL
Proficiency with Python or Java
Software engineering skills - fundamental coding skills enabling the building of analytical pipelines and the development of prototypes for core company products and systems
Communication - excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate technical topics to non-technical individuals
Execution - ability to manage own time and work effectively with others on projects
You will apply your mathematical or scientific training to analyze large volumes of diverse data, model complex human-scale problems, and develop algorithms to serve various needs. 
You will work in collaboration with other mathematicians and scientists in Research and with data engineers and design technologists across Analytics to imagine and build creative solutions to challenging questions, most often with a clear line of sight from your work to real-world impact. 
You will work on projects that cut across various facets of Spotify (from Product to Marketing to Content)
You will experiment with new analytical techniques and tools.
You will work from our office in our New York 
Who You Are
You have earned an advanced degree in mathematics, science, and/or computer science
You are a creative problem-solver who is passionate about digging into complex problems and devising new approaches to reach results. You are enthusiastic about learning new techniques and technologies.
You have experience with a range of data science techniques including clustering, machine learning, and network analysis
You have the technical competence (i.e. some combination of Python, Java, Scala, Pandas, R, SQL, Hadoop) to perform advanced analytics: Coding skills, experience performing analysis with large datasets, and analytics tools experience
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.
PhD/Post Doc in any field with advanced quantitative focus in modelling oriented discipline including but not limited to Machine learning, Statistics, Psychometrics, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Bioinformatics, Econometrics, Neuroscience, Computer Science.
5+ years of analytical experience including 2-3 years of post-PhD experience in the field of advanced quantitative techniques while working for leading global academic institutes or corporate innovation research labs or analytics organizations of large corporate or in consulting companies in analytics roles.
Nice blend of big data technologies coupled with strong knowledge of predictive modeling methods! Additionally, you must be skilled at clearly communicating your findings and translating them into practical solutions.
Sound knowledge and application in the following:
Advanced statistical methods including complex multivariate statistical methods, discrete choice modelling, conjoint based analysis
Advance knowledge of machine learning methods including classification, regression and clustering methods
Knowledge of heuristic methods and optimization techniques including system modeling and simulations.
Deep programming skills and 3+ years’ experience in R, Perl, Python, or other languages appropriate for large scale analysis of numerical and categorical data
Advanced quantitative methods relevant to modelling risk and consumer behavior: both parametric and non-parametric modelling, using unguided, semi-guided and guided approaches as appropriate.
Willingness and desire to learn from other data scientists and modellers in the team on the art and science of modelling, feature engineering, decision trade-offs between model complexity and model deployment
Excellent prototyping skills
Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills, ability to explain complicated mathematical concepts, algorithms and data structures to all business partners
Technical Pluses:
Experience with graph algorithms such as semi-supervised learning on graphs, graph clustering, community detection, interest/topic graphs, and social network analysis
Knowledge of emerging platforms
Responsibilities: 
Understand complex business challenges, develop hypotheses, integrate internal and external data sources, analyze them using cutting edge machine learning or statistical modelling techniques to uncover causality (i.e., we go beyond correlations and interesting trends in making decisions that affect people’s financial wellbeing) and synthesizing insights
Propose innovative modelling solutions, evaluate their effectiveness through proof of concept experimentations and refine and enhance them as necessary to ensure scalability and provide support for their implementation.
Create new models through entire life cycle using the most effective application of supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised parametric and non-parametric modeling methods.
Investigate the impact of new computing technologies and niche, cutting edge analytical techniques and specialized applications, on the future of banking
Drive, understand, and adapt latest developments in machine learning and statistical modelling and apply them appropriately to solve business problems.
Clean, manipulate and investigate large data sets
As a Data Scientist, you’ll support Financial Services technical implementations, and analytical support for a wide range of NLP customer facing efforts. The role will also involve servicing complex data retrieval requests, diagnosis to investigate anomalies and creating reports/dashboards as needed. The ideal candidate for this position will possess ability to do independent research and generate insights from large data sets by asking the right questions in addition to a hands-on-attitude of servicing/managing day-to-day data requests and analysis.
Specific Responsibilities:
Understanding business requirements and defining the strategy to algorithmically meet those needs
Porting algorithms to distributed processing technologies such as Hadoop Map/Reduce to achieve web scale analysis on commodity hardware
Working with customer SMEs to understand the “what” that they want to see and to develop a strategy on “how” to get that from the data being used
Working with team leads, product and analytical teams to test hypotheses, and answer key questions
Required Qualifications:
Masters in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics, or a quantitative field with a strong background in natural language processing
3+ professional experience with modeling and analysis, computational linguistics/NLP, semantic web technology, machine learning, and/or large-scale data mining
Ability to quickly come up to speed on and contribute to complex code based with minimal supervision
Excellent customer facing skills and an ability to work at a customer site collaborating with a team of consultants and customer SMEs
Working knowledge of SQL databases
Fluent Chinese reading comprehension proficiency – at a minimum Simplified character set; Traditional a plus
Nice to have:
Working knowledge of Hadoop
Programming experience in Java
Experience with data visualization tools such as tableau
Programming experience in one or more dynamic languages such as R, Scala, Python, Ruby, etc.
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics
Researching and recommending machine learning algorithms and data sets for advancing the state-of-the-art techniques for “entity resolution” (Named Entity Recognition, co-reference, anaphora, etc.)
We are a messaging platform that connects providers and users and are seeking an expert in predictive modeling to help us reduce early churn. 

Users purchase a subscription and are paired up with an appropriate provider. Metadata for the interactions between provider and user are available, including message frequency, timing and length. Our goal is to understand the ideal user experience for each user segment. This will help to solidify the relationship between provider and user and, in turn, stem early churn. 

This project is to determine which user segments require a customized experience and detail what their ideal first day/week/month should include, by: 

1. Analyzing conversation pace and how that influences the success of engagement. 

2. Analyzing the use of pre-written messages by providers on the platform. 

3. Determining the appropriate volume/timing of messages in each of our modalities (text, audio and video), as well as live interactions 

4. Understanding the impact of provider tenure and rating 

Success KPIs will be week one engagement, retention and LTV. 
Cognical, Inc. is a well-funded financial-technology company funded by top VC’s and led by team of experienced entrepreneurs.  We are looking for people with passion around our products and values to help us on our mission.  
Zibby is our nonprime payment option for online and brick and mortar shoppers. Our lease-to-own solution fully integrates with e-retailers’ storefront and checkout processes to provide the only financing option for 65 million underbanked and nonprime consumers to acquire electronics, appliances, furniture, and other durable goods online.
We are currently looking for a talented, creative and experienced Data Scientist to help us build our next generation financing platform. As a Data Scientist at Cognical, you will be working in a fast-paced environment with a team of engineers passionate about building beautiful software.

Responsibilities
Create fraud screening models to be incorporated into our credit underwriting model
Extract insights from highly complex data sets to identify credit and fraud risk patterns through advanced data mining and machine learning techniques
Work with management and engineering in deploying risk decisioning strategies, system enhancement, new product capabilities, trouble-shooting issues etc.
Perform various ad-hoc analysis relating to fraud and credit risk management, communicate and share insight
Create and deploy analytics tools to be used by senior management and Zibby partners in decision making and risk management.
Skills & Requirements
Minimum of 5 years of work experience as a Data Scientist
Strong background in machine learning and predictive analytics
Python, R in Linux/ Unix environment are preferred
Familiarly with one or more data science toolkits such as Spark, Hadoop, scikit-learn and pandas.
Familiarity with some credit modeling useful, but not required
Familiarity with model evaluation very desirable.
Dia&Co is a venture-backed styling service for plus-size women. We are expanding our talented team and want passionate, smart, multitalented go-getters to join us. Our business meets a profound need and has tremendous potential to shake things up. 

What We’re Looking For:
You are a data science Ph.D. with experience in predictive analytics, recommendation systems, and/or operations research looking to make a big impact on a small team. You will be responsible for creating predictive models for inventory buying, building out a set of recommendation and clustering algorithms for personalized clothing boxes, and helping analyze our data to determine the effectiveness of our business operations. 

Our product team is small, smart, and fast. We value and support: design perfectionism, off-the-charts ambition, independent thinking, design-engineering collaboration, mobile-first thinking, true agility, user testing, analytics-driven UX design, constant iteration, and building a beloved consumer brand. 

You:
have a Ph.D. in a relevant field, with knowledge of statistics, recommendation systems, personalization, and data modeling
dives deep into problems to truly understand them before approaching a solution
are self-driven and able to operate with little supervision
can write code for data analysis and producing results (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, SQL)
can work with other engineers to help them implement your algorithms and solutions
can translate and present technical results into actionable information for executives and a non-technical audience
We:
are a small company, so your contributions make a difference
work in weekly sprints, with regular iteration and retrospective meetings
value data-driven decision making
Benefits:
Competitive salaries
A leadership team that trusts and embraces tech and data
Flexible time so that you can work when and where you’re most productive
healthcare premiums covered for employees
great snacks, happy hours and a fun office environment!
Dia&Co is a venture-backed styling service for plus-size women. We are expanding our talented team and want passionate, smart, multitalented go-getters to join us. Our business meets a profound need and has tremendous potential to shake things up. 

What We’re Looking For:
You are a data science Ph.D. with experience in predictive analytics, recommendation systems, and/or operations research looking to make a big impact on a small team. You will be responsible for creating predictive models for inventory buying, building out a set of recommendation and clustering algorithms for personalized clothing boxes, and helping analyze our data to determine the effectiveness of our business operations. 

Our product team is small, smart, and fast. We value and support: design perfectionism, off-the-charts ambition, independent thinking, design-engineering collaboration, mobile-first thinking, true agility, user testing, analytics-driven UX design, constant iteration, and building a beloved consumer brand. 

You:
have a Ph.D. in a relevant field, with knowledge of statistics, recommendation systems, personalization, and data modeling
dives deep into problems to truly understand them before approaching a solution
are self-driven and able to operate with little supervision
can write code for data analysis and producing results (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, SQL)
can work with other engineers to help them implement your algorithms and solutions
can translate and present technical results into actionable information for executives and a non-technical audience
We:
are a small company, so your contributions make a difference
work in weekly sprints, with regular iteration and retrospective meetings
value data-driven decision making
Benefits:
Competitive salaries
A leadership team that trusts and embraces tech and data
Flexible time so that you can work when and where you’re most productive
healthcare premiums covered for employees
great snacks, happy hours and a fun office environment!
You will work directly with senior executives and variety of teams across the company to provided data-based insights into company performance. Insights from your work will influence how we manage the business, the evolution of our product, the activities of our sales and account management folks, and the way in which we approach and attack new markets. As a company committed to data-driven decision making, your role is crucial to our success. 

Key Responsibilities & Activities:
Manage and maintain a regular cycle of reporting on company operating and financial performance, including weekly and monthly reporting
Lead in-depth investigations of specific topics of interest, in partnership with finance, sales, product, and operations teams
Work extensively with the product management team throughout the product development process, to help understand present use of product features, identify opportunities for improvement, scope out data capture needs in order to measure change and to ultimately measure performance post-launch
Collaborate with the sales teams track client activity existing user base and beyond. Conduct detailed analyses of user behavior, to be transcribed into sales assets, white papers, press releases, etc.
Serve as an internal evangelist for data-driven decision making
Build predictive forecasting models to provide insight into future business performance
Keep a pulse on the industry for web-based analytical software, in doing so help Splash manage and evolve its analytical toolset
Qualifications:
BA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or equivalent industry experience.
2+ years of analytical work experience, preferably for a web company.
Fluency in SQL and relational databases.
Excellent analytical skills.
Ability to take complex data, extract actionable insights, and communicate them in a clear and simple manner.
Experience providing insights to product, executive or business functions.
Self-organized and capable of handling multiple simultaneous requests.
Strong Excel skills.
Experience with data visualization tools.
Deep understanding of statistical analysis and experience with related packages (such as R) preferred.
Knowledge or experience in a scripting language preferred.
Energetic and fun-loving. This is a requirement for ALL Splash team members
What’s Next:
If you’re interested in joining our hysterical, brilliant, ambitious, often-inappropriate, incredible team, please send a cover letter and your resume to careers@splashthat.com. In your cover letter, make sure to specify which role you have your eye on. And keep it casual! 

Your time at Splash will be the most important work you ever do. It will change the course of your career in an exciting and unreplicable way. 

We can’t wait to meet you. 

At Splash, we believe that big ideas and great communities come from a team that celebrates diversity of all kinds. We are committed to being an equal opportunity workplace and encourage people from all backgrounds to apply.
30+ days ago - save job
- original job 
Indeed works when talented, passionate people come together to get a job done. Come help Indeed work. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. 

How this department works:
How Technology Services Works. We are builders, we are integrators. We create and optimize solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. You don’t have to wait for some architect or manager to tell you what you can work on, you decide the priorities! With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. 

Position Summary:
How a Data Engineer works. 

As a Data Engineer at Indeed, your role is to deliver the information your business partners need to grow the business. You will assist business teams in drawing insights from our data. You are someone who wants to see the impact of their work and make a difference every day. You know what it takes to deliver quality reporting and business intelligence solutions to the organization. You understand the value and benefit of solid data practices and how to translate that into satisfied business partners. 

You are an experienced Software Engineer. You are skilled in extracting, transforming, and loading data. You are able to translate business requests into database design. You have experience working with Relational or NoSQL or columnar data stores for the purpose of generating Tableau data sources. 

You are someone who is passionate about data-driven approaches. You enjoy exploring large data sets and get excited about learning new technologies and learning in a collaborative environment. You are skilled at eliciting requirements from a wide range of different teams. 

Create and manage data sources
Integrate with Diverse APIs
Contribute to the ongoing development of the data warehouse ecosystem
Work closely with stakeholders on the data demand side (analysts and data scientists)
Work closely with stakeholders on the data supply side (domain experts on source systems of the data)
Build self-monitoring, robust, scalable interfaces and data pipelines for 24/7 operations.
Design and build optimized OLAP and Star Schema data structures
Create highly reusable code modules and packages that can be leveraged across the data pipeline
Develop and maintain data dictionary for published data sources
Develop and improve continuous release and testing processes
Elicit requirements from a wide range of different teams
About you:Requirements:
3+ plus years in corporate Data Engineering
Bachelor's degree in an Engineering discipline, computer engineering or computer science
Strong CS fundamentals and problem solving skills
Strong software engineering skills
Experience in one or more of the following: Python, Java, Javascript, Scala
Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders to define requirements
Strong SQL skills
Familiarity working with relational, or NoSQL, or columnar data stores
Familiarity with Javascript API, Rest API and Data Extract API
Ability to identify and resolve performance issues
Nice to haves: Matlab or R and Hadoop or Spark
Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. 
As the owner of Data Science for Koko, you'll be in a position to profoundly shape our product and the future of our company. 

Koko has amassed a large and unique data set, a huge repository of human kindness (see testimonials). We need help leveraging this data to create novel products and experiences that promote emotional well-being.

In this role, you will:

Lead ALL aspects of data science at Koko

Develop data-driven products and features that drive the company towards its mission

Build and tune natural language classifiers, informational retrieval systems and various other data-driven systems to support our peer-to-peer network and conversational API

Identify key performance metrics that drive product decisions

We are seeking candidates who are:

Bold, self-directed, and self-motivated

Agile and resourceful

Product-minded (i.e., more interested in using data to build a compelling user experience than winning kaggle competions)

Highly proficient in statistics and machine learning, with a broad knowledge of NLP, recommender systems, supervised learning algorithms, deep learning, etc

Well-versed in third party tools and packages

Skilled in written and oral communication (able to summarize data insights for team members, board members, research collaborators, and the greater public)
7Park Data, a venture-backed startup, is the leading data intelligence provider to businesses around the world.  You will be joining other extremely passionate product folks and engineers that share a common interest in distributed systems, performance, scale, and solving problems with software and data. Our technologies power the insights for financial service and corporate giants.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build, maintain and improve on multiple real time decision systems.
Compensation package: includes highly competitive salary, bonus, equity and 401(k) plan.
 
Responsibilities
Lead discovery processes with stakeholders to identify the product requirements and the expected outcome
Plan, develop, and apply leading-edge analytic and quantitative tools and modeling techniques to help 7Park Data’ clients gain insights and improve decision-making
Review internal and external analytical techniques, identify what data is available and relevant, source the necessary data
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Validate hypothesis using scenario modeling
Collaborate with Data Engineers and Software Developers to develop experiments and deploy solutions to production
Utilize patterns and variations in volume, speed and other characteristics of data supporting the initiative, the type of data (eg. text, clickstream, location etc.) in predictive analytics
Write research reports describing the experiment conducted, results, and findings
Make strategic recommendations to technology, product, and senior management
Leads the design and deployment of enhancements and fixes to systems as needed
Requirements
Master’s Degree from top tier university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline. PHD degree preferred
Minimum 5 Years relevant professional with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact
Solid knowledge of statistical techniques. Proficiency in statistical modeling tools like SAS and R
Modeling/mining large data sets using Hadoop MapReduce, Apache Spark, etc.
Experience using machine learning algorithms and strong algorithmic thinking
Software development experience with Java, JSON, Python, Scala
Creating & deploying large-scale, data-driven systems
Creation/deployment of models & algorithm to analyze unstructured data
Experience leading teams
 
Company Description
7Park Data shares a passion and belief that innovation, data and technology collectively address the evolving information requirements of our clients.
Leveraging highly differentiated data and a proprietary analytics platform, 7Park Data empowers clients with topic-specific, qualified intelligence for faster, more effective and better-informed decision making.
The diverse backgrounds of our team consist of quantitative and fundamental data analytics, development and coding, language translation, data sourcing, product development and monetization strategies, and expertise in operations, legal and compliance. Additionally, we are supported by advisors with extraordinarily successful corporate and entrepreneurial backgrounds.
Join our family of talented individuals from around the world who work together to send people on the vacations of their dreams!
 
As the  world's largest provider of professionally managed, unique vacation accommodations, Wyndham Destination Network comprises more than 110,000 properties in over 100 countries – from houseboats and cottages to rental homes and timeshare resorts. Our portfolio consists of a collection of renowned brands including RCI®, The Registry Collection®, Wyndham Vacation Rentals, Hoseasons, Landal GreenParks, Novasol, cottages.com and James Villa Holidays. Last year, Wyndham Destination Network sent more than 10 million people on dream vacations.  
 
Explore the many opportunities available at Wyndham Destination Network to further your career and become part of a company ranked as a great place to work!  
 
The Data Scientist role provides a great opportunity for a creative and motivated individual who is passionate about using data and technology to drive meaningful results in an environment that encourages learning. You will be part of an award winning team with lots of experience developing large scale applications of advanced analytics. 
Develop a sound understanding of the WDN business model, data and systems; particular focus will be on developing a solid understanding of the principles of pricing, customer acquisition, customer retention and inventory distribution.
Provide support for existing analytical processes and meet stakeholders’ service expectations.
Work on ad-hoc analysis and handle data requests from business stakeholders. 
Maintain and enhance existing forecasting, regression and classification models; enhance existing models and develop new ones using machine learning techniques.
Design and develop new algorithms to support strategic decision making in areas like inventory distribution, customer acquisition, customer retention and pricing.
 
Qualifications
Graduate degree (Master’s or PhD) in a quantitatively oriented subject such as Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Engineering etc. required
Experience building time series forecasting models, gained either in an academic or industry setting, required
Familiarity with optimization theory (obtained though graduate level coursework) required
Familiarity with applications of machine learning techniques desired
SAS and Object oriented programming (C++ or Java preferred) skills required
Experience using optimization software required; Xpress-MP (Dash optimization) skills highly desired
Experience querying and building databases required; Familiarity with SQL and Oracle desired
Intellectual curiosity and willingness to explore and learn new technologies 
Strong quantitative and communication skills required; Must possess a pragmatic approach to solving problems
Experience with Hadoop or Spark data processing stack (Hive, Pig, Spark SQL etc.) desired
Experience with UNIX and writing shell scripts desired 
Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 39,000 employees in more than 120 territories. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas — the dynamic formula that drives business performance. 
Unlock your potential at Willis Towers Watson. 
The Business 

WTW’s Risk Consulting & Software (RCS) division advises, and provides solutions to, insurance companies globally.  Our services help clients across the entire insurance value chain, including marketing, pricing, underwriting, claims management and asset management.
We respond to all our clients’ needs by offering market leading technical expertise, deep analytical skills, software solutions and strategic and risk/capital management consulting.

The Role 

Building upon our existing advanced analytics and data provisions services, RCS is currently broadening its big data predictive analytics capabilities and is seeking to expand its pool of data scientists to help support its global activities and continue to thrive in the insurance analytics sector.  We currently seek an advanced Data Analytics Manager for our U.S. business.

The primary responsibilities of the Data Analytics Manager will be to:
• Manage advanced analytics market opportunities and prospects in the U.S. region, either through hands-on opportunity management and development, or by supporting and assisting our local client facing associates;
• Lead and deliver advanced analytics consulting assignments in the U.S. region, utilizing our wider associate base to deliver high quality, efficient services to our insurance clients.  You will act as engagement manager for advanced analytics components of assignments, facilitating “agile” methodologies and will work closely with business stakeholders, IT executives and data scientists; and
• Support the global BD leader in developing and refining the consulting frameworks and methodologies to facilitate future client projects.

Other role responsibilities will include:
• Managing more junior data analysts, including the annual review cycle as well as on-going support and management;
• Helping to drive data product innovation throughout RCS, through supporting the idea creation process and subsequent analytics projects;
• Helping to develop the analytics skills of our wider associate community through running internal presentations, managing the development of the BD intranet, proposing knowledge sharing sessions and training programs;
• Coordinating market R&D activities;
• Supporting our efforts to further develop our analytics brand in the U.S. marketplace.



Job Requirements
The Requirements 

• Business consulting experience, with proven client delivery track-record and robust problem solving skills;
• Ability to engage with a wide range of stakeholders including technical stakeholders (data scientists, IT specialists), business managers and executives;
• Experience managing advanced analytics projects, aimed at extracting value from structured and unstructured data in a business context (ideally in insurance);
• Thorough understanding of the tools and techniques used in the field of data science including an awareness of when particular approaches are more appropriate than others;
• Good written and verbal communication skills;
• Solid understanding of the insurance sector, drivers of profitability and underlying analytical approaches;
• The ability to work autonomously; and
• A willingness to work on client site, where necessary, during consulting assignments
• Experience consulting in the insurance and/or financial services sector preferred
• A good understanding of large distributed systems such as Hadoop, Spark, Revo R (MRS) preferred
• Ability to build attractive visualisations (e.g. Qlikview, Tableau, PowerBI) preferred
Dia&Co is a venture-backed styling service for plus-size women. We are expanding our talented team and want passionate, smart, multitalented go-getters to join us. Our business meets a profound need and has tremendous potential to shake things up. 

What We’re Looking For:
You are a data science Ph.D. with experience in predictive analytics, recommendation systems, and/or operations research looking to make a big impact on a small team. You will be responsible for creating predictive models for inventory buying, building out a set of recommendation and clustering algorithms for personalized clothing boxes, and helping analyze our data to determine the effectiveness of our business operations. 

Our product team is small, smart, and fast. We value and support: design perfectionism, off-the-charts ambition, independent thinking, design-engineering collaboration, mobile-first thinking, true agility, user testing, analytics-driven UX design, constant iteration, and building a beloved consumer brand. 

You:
have a Ph.D. in a relevant field, with knowledge of statistics, recommendation systems, personalization, and data modeling
dives deep into problems to truly understand them before approaching a solution
are self-driven and able to operate with little supervision
can write code for data analysis and producing results (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, SQL)
can work with other engineers to help them implement your algorithms and solutions
can translate and present technical results into actionable information for executives and a non-technical audience
We:
are a small company, so your contributions make a difference
work in weekly sprints, with regular iteration and retrospective meetings
value data-driven decision making
Benefits:
Competitive salaries
A leadership team that trusts and embraces tech and data
Flexible time so that you can work when and where you’re most productive
healthcare premiums covered for employees
great snacks, happy hours and a fun office environment!
Tapad is home to the team that cracked the code on cross-device marketing technology. Our groundbreaking, proprietary tech assimilates billions of data points to find the human relationship between smartphones, desktops, laptops, tablets, connected TVs and game consoles. With 91.2% data accuracy confirmed by Nielsen, Tapad offers the largest in-market opportunity for marketers and technologies to address the ever-evolving reality of media consumption across devices. 

Are you an outstanding engineer who loves solving interesting challenges related to data at scale? Are questions such as ‘How to move multiple TB of data per hour, and optimally compress and serialize it?’ or ‘How do you ensure we are resilient to data loss in case of failure?’ what gets you excited? If so, this role may be a fit. 

You will work with some of the brightest minds in the industry, along with a team that will continuously challenge you. 

Responsibilities:
Design and develop high-throughput, low-latency data processing pipelines to quickly ingest and make data available on the Tapad platform across various distributed data stores
Analyze large datasets to identify opportunities to tune and improve the system
Experiment with various Hadoop frameworks like Hive, Pig and Scalding to identify the optimal approach for extracting valuable insights from massive datasets
Requirements:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or related field
3+ years of experience ingesting, processing, storing and querying large datasets
Professional Hadoop ecosystem experience, including storage optimization and job performance tuning
Expertise in Java, Python or similar language(s). Functional programming experience is a plus
Passion for code correctness and intuition about which values in data are to be expected in a business context
Tools We Use:
Typesafe Stack (Scala, SBT, Play!, Akka)
Finagle, Unfiltered
Kafka, MySql, Aerospike, Vertica, Redis, Cassandra, Zookeeper
Hadoop, Scalding, Spark
Mesos, Marathon, Docker
Additional state-of-the-art technologies that enable us to be the best
You’ve worked hard to get to where you are and want to work alongside people who’ve done the same. You’re looking to be challenged and to grow professionally, and you want to be valued and recognized for your contributions. Sirius Computer Solutions agrees.

As a nationally recognized IT solutions provider with an over 35-year history of success, Sirius is known for cultivating the best talent, providing a positive work environment, and offering a compensation and benefits package designed to help our employees thrive both personally and professionally. We deliver best-of-breed IT solutions from the world's top technology innovators, including Cisco, Citrix, CommVault, Dell, EMC, Hitachi, HP, IBM, NetApp, Nutanix, VMware, and many more. If you want to work with the Brightest Minds in the Business, contact us today. 


We are seeking a Sr. Data Analyst (Sr. Solutions Specialist) in the Greater New York City area to join our Brightlight Big Data & Analytics team. 

Position Summary: 
The primary responsibility of this position is to provide advanced data analysis and validation solutions and support to our clients, ensuring quality throughout the software development and enhancement process within a Sirius customer team. 

Primary Duties & Responsibilities:
• Provide advanced data analysis and validation solutions to clients, including: 
o Organizing and interpreting data 
o Using statistical techniques to analyze data
o Building and executing queries to view and parse data
o Creating and maintaining both detailed and summarized reports and documentation, to include tables, graphs, and/or charts, giving presentations on findings, as needed 
o Analyzing complex data sets for trends or patterns
o Performing data validation to ensure data quality
We are looking for a passionate and seasoned Product Owner to lead an R&D squad in Analytics focused on understanding people through music. The mission of this squad is to use cutting-edge data and behavioral sciences to research and develop behavioral and psychographic data and insights about our audience. Your work will impact product, marketing, and ad personalization, strategy, and new growth areas for Spotify.  
What you’ll do
Drive the high level vision for this product area
Lead research and engineering efforts to produce new metrics and models 
Interface with teams across the company to integrate outputs into various initiatives
Set up a learnings/feedback cycle to integrate results from experimentation into the work of the squad
Who you are
You are an interdisciplinary thinker, skilled at blending disciplines in pursuit of a mission
You are an excellent communicator 
You have a strong understanding of data science, are able to speak to the basics of machine learning techniques, clustering, classification and basic statistics
You have a passion for understanding human behavior
You are good at dealing with ambiguity
You have experience in product management and agile methodologies
At J. Walter Thompson we create pioneering solutions that build enduring brands and business.  We have been connecting brands with consumers and creating engaging stories that shift behavior for over 150 years. We currently have over 200 offices in 90 countries that contain 10,000 of the brightest minds in the business. We owe our growing success to the adoption of a set of simple principles we refer to as the 4 C’s: curiosity, collaboration, capability and courage. It is the embodiment of these traits that makes J. Walter Thompson unique. It is also what we look for in potential new hires.
As an Associate Director within our Analytics team you will be responsible for designing and championing innovative analytic solutions that drive value and deliver against client goals. The Associate Director is the primary owner of the client relationship and will partner with both internal teams and clients to plan, execute and evaluate strategic marketing initiatives. The role requires a very proactive, outgoing leader who will be able to work collaboratively to confidently utilize data to support strategic marketing decisions.
Responsibilities:
Provide advanced strategic and analytic support (including reporting) for clients’ advertising campaigns (across multiple channels for e.g. online, TV, print, social....)
Develop measurement frameworks with proper selection KPIs and metrics for effective monitoring of client marketing initiatives
Design and oversee performance dashboards and provide insight at various stages such as planning, mid and post-campaign analyses, optimizations, and strategy recommendations
Participate in the development of analytical and creative test designs and execution as well as new analytical tools
Guide and manage Analysts/Senior Analysts and ensure successful career development
Develop client-ready documents and major presentations with minimal supervision
Develop and manage strong relationships with clients at all levels, handle and resolve issues and formulate new business opportunities
Remain current with the latest marketing trends and web analytics tools
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Decision Science, Economics, Information Management Studies, Integrated Marketing Communications, or a related field; advanced quantitative degree or coursework a plus
7+ years of experience in strategic marketing analytics with some agency experience
Excellent client management and presentation skills
Experience hiring, managing and developing talent
Advanced knowledge of digital and social analytics including website, media, etc.
Advanced knowledge and competency in Excel and PowerPoint
Experience using data visualization
Demonstrated expertise utilizing various research methodologies, media research, and external data sources including Nielsen, Simmons, media planning platforms, eMarketing, Forrester Research, Gartner
Experience scoping analytic engagements and effectively leading multiple projects simultaneously
Exceptional analytical, critical thinking, and communication skills
Knowledge of statistical software such as SAS, SPSS is desired
Ipsos Specialists in Behavioral Data
 
 
The Ipsos Behavioral Data Group is a specialized team that excels in tackling some of the toughest problems in market research.
 
 
We work with Fortune 500 partners across all industries and geographies to bring new data streams into our business, combining them with advanced modeling techniques to develop a better understanding of our clients’ customers.
 
 
Position Summary
 
We’re looking for a motivated and independent-minded analyst to work with a variety of data sources to solve problems in market research. The Analyst will have ownership of  all data processes  ( import/ expert/ access) in SQL environments.
The Behavioral Data Group is an important strategic team within Ipsos, and the analyst will work with a cross-functional group to develop and deploy new product solutions. Our new offerings are expected to increase our business unit’s overall revenue by over $1 million in 2016.
 
Key Responsibilities
 
data lifecycle process
Load in daily, bulk and on-going project datasets from our  partners, via SSIS
Quality Control  data to determine issues with data quality or processing
Manage data vendor relationships and interfaces
Staying up to date when data formats change, data caveats, etc.
Work with operations team to make ad-hoc data updates required for project
Update and run SSIS packages and troubleshoot external API calls
Database Administration tasks (work with DBAs to create new DBs, archive data, manage storage resources)
Optimize existing table structure and queries for performance
Required Skills 
Ideal Candidate has the following Skills and Experience 
 
3-5 Years of SQL Experience (preferably Microsoft SQL Server)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or analytics related field or equivalent work experience.
Experience with SQL, T-SQL, scripting or programming languages, statistics, and advanced analytics techniques.
Good knowledge of standard concepts, best practices, and procedures within a data warehousing environment.
Experience working effectively with very large datasets.
Recode ( http://www.recode.net/ ) covers the intersection of business and tech with authority. From breaking news and expert analysis to ground-breaking interviews at our signature Code conferences, we are the most influential brand in tech business news. 

Recode is looking for a data editor, based in our New York or San Francisco office. 

Your job will be to lead our efforts in data journalism and research, including establishing and leading our data collection and analysis efforts, producing data-informed news and features, helping design new storytelling techniques and tools, and promoting and supporting data journalism across our editorial staff. 

A good candidate will have some experience as a journalist or analyst, with competence in statistics and/or data visualization, and interest in technology and business. 

An ideal candidate will have a deep background in writing, computer science and/or statistics, data visualization, and personal interest in a specific technology or business coverage area. 

Requirements:
At least some of experience as a journalist, analyst, or data-visualization designer.
The ability to deliver clean, accurate copy on deadline.
An interest in using data for journalism, focusing on technology and business.
An interest in working with more than a dozen colleagues to introduce and support data-driven research and storytelling.
Attention to detail in writing, math, and visual design.
The ability to work mostly independently, with support and input from editors and colleagues.
A creative, collaborative spirit, comfort trying new ideas, knowing some won’t work.
The ability to work from our New York or San Francisco office most days.
Some evening and weekend work.
To apply, please submit a resume, cover letter, samples of your work, and a link to an online presence — blog, podcast, Twitter stream, etc. — that you’re proud of. 

Vox Media is one of the fastest growing media companies today, combining the best content, technology, and distribution capabilities to connect with an audience of 170 million people each month who rely on us for a modern, intelligent take on the world. Simply put, we create smart media brands for smart audiences. 

About working at Vox Media: This is a permanent, full-time position with excellent benefits—including flexible hours and generous parental leave. Vox Media strives to provide comprehensive healthcare options for our employees and to ensure that our healthcare and other benefits are LGBTQ-inclusive. You'll be joining a group of focused, hard-working, creative people who are passionate about doing work that's challenging and fun—and who strive to maintain a healthy work/life balance. 

We encourage candidates of all experience levels to apply. If the above doesn't describe you perfectly, please get in touch anyway and tell us why you want to work with us. 

Vox Media is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. Vox Media is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
GroupM is the largest media investment company in the world – purchasing more than $104BN in billings (RECMA 2013). GroupM and its agencies employ over seventeen thousand people in four hundred offices spanning eighty-one countries. 

GroupM Data & Analytics is a marketing science, technology and consulting group specializing in fact-based business strategies and assessment. Our global team provides expertise in data management, advanced analytics, technology deployment and marketing effectiveness with one clear remit: help clients achieve significant and lasting improvements in marketing effectiveness and profitability. Utilizing a proprietary Data and Analytics Platform, we enable clients’ marketing organizations to monitor, evaluate and optimize media investments. 

The data and analytics organization in GroupM is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. We focus on designing, developing and operating our global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suit of advanced analytics-based products, specific Data collection modules and customized Data transformation packages 

Position Overview 

The Data Analyst is expected to demonstrate: hands-on skills in data analysis and management, problem solving, analytical modeling, the ability to develop/analyze business cases. She/he demonstrates research skills, excellent oral and written communication skills, client focus, and the ability to support and enable teamwork. The candidate must be self-motivated and able to operate independently with limited guidance and direction. The Data Analyst will support the analytics Manager/Director to ensure consistent quality output on all projects. 

Responsibilities 

• Provide on-going analytical support utilizing data management, technology and modeling (such as market mix modeling) to address client issues regarding advertising, media, and new products. 
• Analyze data and generate graphics and insights for use in client presentations. 
• Assist in and formulate econometric models using regression analysis, including multi-level/hierarchical modeling. 
• Run ad-hoc “what if scenarios” and simulations to models and evaluate media plans. 
• Act as primary day-to-day contact on insights and analytics to digital and traditional media managers and clients 
• Manage project timelines and deliverable schedules and share concerns about deliverables, timelines, and issues with project managers and directors. 
• Develop presentations and present analytics & insights to clients & agency teams. 

Requirements 

• Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree in Statistics, Economics, or Applied Math is preferred. 
• 1+ years related work experience 
• Strong analytical skills; ability to manage, manipulate and analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations using technology as well as statistical and econometric modeling techniques. 
• Strong interpersonal written and verbal communication skills. 
• Experience with database structures and data mining techniques. 
• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a customer-centric focus. 
• Knowledge of visual techniques for data analysis and presentation. 
• Strong skills in SQL and proven experience working with at least one of the major databases platforms (SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Sybase, or Postgres). 
• Fluency in SAS, R or any other advanced analytics software packages. 
• Understanding of digital/media/marketing data sources and metrics preferred: Digital (e.g. Web, Social, Display, Search etc.); Media (e.g. buying models, CPU, Impressions, GRP); Measurement analytics, Quantitative business measures (Adstock, ROI, Churn, etc.); Statistics (Correlations, sample sizing, etc.) 
SmartyAds is a full stack programmatic company, the digital media platform that programmatically connects advertisers and publishers to audiences across all media channels through RTB
Job Description
We are looking for an expert Data Scientist to work in our team. 
Qualifications
* Deep experience in machine learning and modeling methods
* Supervised linear and nonlinear classification and regression ML tools
* Unsupervised (clustering, dimensionality reduction) ML tools
* Python 2+ years (Pandas/Numpy/Sklearn/Jupyter/etc)
* Data Mining, Data Visualization, ETL
* Databases (MySQL/MongoDB/Redis/etc)
Additional Information
* Experience using Vowpal Wabbit
* MS or Ph.D. in Math, Computer Science, Physics, Stats.
* Reinforcement learning
IgnitionOne simplifies life for marketers, providing deeper insights and robust targeting of individuals through the use of proprietary engagement scoring and integrated marketing and advertising solutions. The IgnitionOne DMS is full-featured digital marketing hub which significantly improves performance across all devices and channels. IgnitionOne allows marketers to better understand their customers and activate personalized 1:1 messaging across search, display, social, mobile, email, and website personalization. With a global footprint of over 450 employees in 17 offices across 10 countries, IgnitionOne is one of the largest independent marketing technology companies in the world.
IgnitionOne currently scores over 300 million consumers monthly in 75 countries and powers more than $60 billion in revenue each year for leading brands, including General Motors, CenturyLink, Bridgestone, La Quinta and Fiat, as well as advertising agencies such as 360i, GroupM and iProspect.
Are you ready for more? Be part of a fast-growing global company with an entrepreneurial spirit where high performers are recognized and rewarded for their efforts, working alongside some of the best and brightest people in the industry as you blaze your career path on the cutting edge of marketing and advertising tech. Be part of a high-performing team that has fun, collaborating on ground-breaking, challenging assignments where your opinion matters, where you grow personally and professionally. Be part of IgnitionOne.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
IgnitionOne, a leading digital marketing firm, is expanding its Data Architecture team.  This is a hands on role developing infrastructure components, working with other teams in the company to integrate with those components, and sharing best practices.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Design and development of real-time software to ensure that software is testable, maintainable, and scalable.
Collaborate with peers and other teams to achieve project goals
Work with your peers across IgnitionOne to establish standards and best practices.
Mentor, teach and ensure team collaboration.
Experience and Skills
5+  years of significant software development experience
Strong software architecture and design skills
Must have delivered production level Java in a commercial environment.
Strong understanding of distributed systems.
Broad experience in development technologies a strong plus (e.g. Kafka, Storm, NoSQL, Postgres)
Python and PHP (with the good taste not to use the latter) are nice to have
Experience building high performance, low latency systems
Excellent analytical and decision-making skills.
BS in Computer Science (MS/PhD preferred).
Catchafire’s Data Analyst is responsible for several key functions: reporting on all business metrics, building tools for other teams to access our data, and improving operational performance reactively by responding to recent performance, and proactively by anticipating key business drivers. The Data Analyst works closely with Product to understand how our product is being used to drive decision-making around feature design and prioritization, with Engineering to build and improve tools that help us report and analyze our data, with customer-facing teams to build tools to manage marketing campaigns and client reporting, and with the Business Strategist to report on financial and business metrics. Please note that while we are accepting applications for this position, we cannot guarantee a response. Please expect to hear back from us if we are interested in moving forward with your candidacy for this role. 
Responsibilities

Operational analysis and reporting on key customer metrics and internal efficiency
Design and maintain regular internal reports that summarize key findings and derive insights into performance drivers
Key customer lifecycle metrics include customer acquisition, activation, engagement, match success, happiness, and retention
Operational efficiency metrics might include sales conversion activities, email marketing activities, listing and application engagement campaigns

Statistical Analysis and Experimentation
Design and run statistical analysis to derive insights about product usage and customer behavior
Design and implement experiments in conjunction with Product to optimize conversion rates and key customer funnels

Design and test product features, in collaboration with Product and Engineering Teams
Design new or improve existing customer-facing features or flows aimed at increasing key customer metrics or usability, in collaboration with Product Team
Design new or improve existing backend processes aimed at increasing internal efficiency or improved data capture, in collaboration with Product Team
Attributes
Analytical: You are extremely logical, reasoned, and adept at discovering root causes and assumptions. You are particularly skilled at assessing the relative tradeoffs between alternative courses of action and at performing proper cost-benefit analyses of various decisions.
Collaborative teacher: You are naturally collaborative and enjoy working with a wide range of personalities. You are a natural teacher, interested in sharing your wealth of knowledge with your teammates, and you are always thinking about how to elevate others. 
Intense hunger to learn: You are constantly seeking out new information, alternative methods and perspectives, tips and advice, and new tools to improve yourself and the functional areas you are tasked with leading.
Fast learner: You can quickly understand new concepts, retain new knowledge, and properly adjust your perspective and existing framework accordingly.
Experience / Background
Must Have:

2+ years of overall work experience, with an analytical background in either finance, statistics, data science, math or economics
Full fluency in Microsoft Excel, including modeling, pivot tables, and advanced charting
Foundational knowledge of statistics or econometrics, with experience doing multivariable regression and cohort analysis
At least 1 year of experience dealing with business metrics, including conversion rates, sales and marketing funnels, customer acquisition cost, customer lifetime value
ExecThread, Inc. is a VC-funded software startup based in NYC. The company was founded in 2015 by seasoned startup executives who built and sold companies to AOL, Apple, McAfee, Samsung, United Health Services and others, with total exits approaching one billion dollars. 

ExecThread is a crowdsourced marketplace of the best jobs in the world. By creating a platform that allows executives and aspiring executives to confidentially share (and in-turn gain access to) discreet job opportunities ExecThread is enabling professionals to take greater control over finding their next career-advancing job, as well helping them to find the best exec-level talent. 

Job Description 

ExecThread is currently searching for a Data Scientist who can lead advanced analytical research and development. You will be working with a rich data set of users to help build a product that aims to alter the recruiting industry. You’ll be responsible for identifying trends and insights within our rich data set and then automating and developing tools and algorithms around those trends. You will also be creating a recommendation engine, automated leading scoring systems, etc. In addition you will be routinely performing statistical analysis to determine if there’s anymore information that can be used to automate processes and/or gain new insights. 

Ideal Candidate 

You thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative, and engineering environment and love tackling complex concepts by creating solutions through applied analytics. You must be an expert in analyzing large unstructured and structured datasets with a deep-understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering & classification techniques, and recommendation, creation, and optimization of algorithms. Having a computer science / software development background and experience in visualizing data will be very helpful in this key role. 

PhD/Post Doc in any field with advanced quantitative focus in modelling oriented discipline including but not limited to Machine learning, Statistics, Psychometrics, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Bioinformatics, Econometrics, Neuroscience, Computer Science.
5+ years of analytical experience including 2-3 years of post-PhD experience in the field of advanced quantitative techniques while working for leading global academic institutes or corporate innovation research labs or analytics organizations of large corporate or in consulting companies in analytics roles.
Nice blend of big data technologies coupled with strong knowledge of predictive modeling methods! Additionally, you must be skilled at clearly communicating your findings and translating them into practical solutions.
Sound knowledge and application in the following:
Advanced statistical methods including complex multivariate statistical methods, discrete choice modelling, conjoint based analysis
Advance knowledge of machine learning methods including classification, regression and clustering methods
Knowledge of heuristic methods and optimization techniques including system modeling and simulations.
Deep programming skills and 3+ years’ experience in R, Perl, Python, or other languages appropriate for large scale analysis of numerical and categorical data
Advanced quantitative methods relevant to modelling risk and consumer behavior: both parametric and non-parametric modelling, using unguided, semi-guided and guided approaches as appropriate.
Willingness and desire to learn from other data scientists and modellers in the team on the art and science of modelling, feature engineering, decision trade-offs between model complexity and model deployment
Excellent prototyping skills
Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills, ability to explain complicated mathematical concepts, algorithms and data structures to all business partners
Technical Pluses:
Experience with graph algorithms such as semi-supervised learning on graphs, graph clustering, community detection, interest/topic graphs, and social network analysis
Knowledge of emerging platforms
Responsibilities: 
Understand complex business challenges, develop hypotheses, integrate internal and external data sources, analyze them using cutting edge machine learning or statistical modelling techniques to uncover causality (i.e., we go beyond correlations and interesting trends in making decisions that affect people’s financial wellbeing) and synthesizing insights
Propose innovative modelling solutions, evaluate their effectiveness through proof of concept experimentations and refine and enhance them as necessary to ensure scalability and provide support for their implementation.
Create new models through entire life cycle using the most effective application of supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised parametric and non-parametric modeling methods.
Investigate the impact of new computing technologies and niche, cutting edge analytical techniques and specialized applications, on the future of banking
Drive, understand, and adapt latest developments in machine learning and statistical modelling and apply them appropriately to solve business problems.
Clean, manipulate and investigate large data sets
Job Type: Full-time
Job Location:
New York, NY
Required education:
Doctorate
Required experience:
Data Scientist: 5 years

Fusion is seeking a Data Scientist to join its Analytics team. The Data Scientist will help develop groundbreaking data-driven solutions and products to advance our growing digital and linear businesses. The ideal candidate will have a background in statistical theory, computer science, quantitative social science and/or a related field. If you geek out over data and want to work with people who are talented at what they do and passionate about building the next generation of media, then we should talk.
 

Responsibilities: 
Keys to success:
You are curious, inquisitive, proactive, organized, detail-oriented, and methodical. 
You like to use data to identify and solve problems.
You are not afraid to take a risk, fail, and learn from the experience.
You have excellent communication skills, including the ability to identify and communicate data-driven insights.
You are passionate about the digital space and opportunities to reinvent how media companies use storytelling to build relationships with their audiences.
What you will do here:
Become an expert with our audience, content and social datasets. Recommend ways to further enrich these data.
Use data to solve mission-critical business problems, in particular those related to: 1) optimizing digital and linear content, 2) developing deeper understandings of our audiences across platforms, and 3) improving the performance of our digital products.
Help build tools and applications to streamline and/or automate the above, particularly for Fusion’s editorial, product and growth teams
Communicate results to stakeholders across the business
Be an internal expert with respect to complex statistical data analysis, data modeling, data mining, and machine learning. Be an expert about our external competition in data science and analytics.


 

Qualifications: 
 
Excellent understanding of major regression, clustering, classification and dimensionality reduction techniques and algorithms
At least 2 years of statistical programming experience with Python or R, including familiarity with advanced data analysis packages (e.g scikit-learn, scipy, pandas)
Advanced grasp of SQL
Bonus points for:
Experience with AWS (i.e. RDS, Redshift)
Experience accessing social network APIs via Python
Experience with MapReduce and Hadoop
Experience with GitHub
Experience working in media
Preference given to candidates with a Master’s or PhD degree
 About the Company:
PlaceIQ is a powerful, location-based audience and insights platform that organizes a wide variety of consumer activity data around a precise location base map at massive scale. PlaceIQ uses its detailed understanding of location and consumer activity to reach a targeted audience, and also to derive powerful insights about consumer behavior to inform market and business strategies for national brands. The company is headquartered in New York City and has offices in Palo Alto, Chicago, and Detroit. 
Summary:

Having already assembled an exceptionally skilled, diverse and passionate team of developers and data scientists, we are looking for world-class engineers that can (or are willing to learn how to…) do it all.  From building data pipelines to regression models/classification algorithms, complex data visualizations to geospatial clustering, a full stack enterprise targeting platform to big data analytics, PlaceIQ software engineers live for huge challenges and know how to deliver in a fast paced, agile environment.  Our unique culture breeds excellence and embraces creativity as we look to innovate and drive our business forward.  If you have a passion for imagining and building technology solutions that will make an immediate impact in an untapped space, we want to talk to you!
Minimum Requirements:
BS in Computer Science or related field
1-3 years of proven development experience with Java
Scalable distributed algorithm design/implementation
Experience in UNIX/Linux environments
Database Systems (SQL+NoSQL)
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Hadoop/Big Data paradigms
Experience with big data pipelines using MapReduce, Hive, PIG or similar 
This position is located in New York, NY.  Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer. 
Salary/Equity compensation commensurate on experience.
MUST BE WILLING TO RELO TO RALEIGH, NC...DO NOT SEND YOUR RESUME IF YOU CANNOT OR ARE NOT WILLING TO RELOCATE...
Job Description: Analyze data processing problems for electronic data processing systems. Responsible for supporting and maintaining FIX connections for electronic trading for Equities and rolling program for new client connections. Liaise with external Order Management System (OMS) vendors, Network Vendors and Electronic Trading Desk to ensure priorities are defined and issues are tracked. Support all DMA and Algorithmic trading flow across multiple asset classes. Support FIX systems and Order Routing Infrastructure. Analyze and research new functionalities. Resolve issues and liaise with various IT support groups, development groups and external vendors to ensure quick problem resolution. Provide management support for FIX infrastructure to identify problems before clients are affected. Perform testing of QA environment for clients. Liaise with vendors regarding FIX specifications and configurations supported. Configure UAT FIX systems and complete emergency tests. Utilize SQL , Unix, Scripting, and Perl.
Minimum Job Requirements (education, experience, licenses, etc): Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, Engineering (any), Math or a related field of study or related experience. 3+ years of experience in FIX Certification, FIX Onboarding, support of FIX and/or Order Management Systems, Unix, Perl, SQL and/or software configuration management.
Certify Configure and Support FIX connections to clients for the purpose of Electronic Trading. Manage a rolling program of new Clients connections - this will involve:
Close liaison with the external OMS vendors, Network Vendors and Electronic Trading Desk to ensure priorities are defined and issues are tracked.
Support all DMA and Algorithmic trading flow across multiple asset classes.
Direct support of FIX systems and Order Routing Infrastructure.
Analyze and Research the new functionalities required.
Liaise with Development and/or the external Vendors to uncover root causes of issues.
Own issues and liaise with various IT Support groups, Development groups and external vendors as appropriate to ensure quick problem resolution.
Proactive management of the FIX infrastructure to identify problems before clients are affected.
Testing with Clients in QA environment where needed.
Liaise with the Vendors with regard to the FIX specifications/configurations supported.
Configure the UAT FIX systems and complete emergency tests.
Excellent oral and written communication skills a must. --
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $50.00 /hour
Job Location:
New York, NY
Required education:
Bachelor's
Required experience:
Order Management Systems: 2 years
FIX Onboarding/FIX Protocol: 2 years
Unix Perl SQL Software Configuration: 2 years
Required license or certification:
FIX certification
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Bank") has a unique set of responsibilities that sets it apart from other financial institutions and even other Reserve Banks.  
The Compliance Function promotes sound policies and programs designed to mitigate the Bank from risk arising from a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulation, codes of conduct, standards or sound industry practice and to protect the Bank's reputation. 
 
Responsibilities:
Assume the roles of strategist, innovator and designer for data analytics and business intelligence for the Compliance Function 
Support business strategic objectives as they relate to improving and maintaining data analytics capabilities and discipline within the Compliance Function. 
Perform hands-on data analysis using a variety of tools,  ranging from writing SQL queries, leveraging reporting and business intelligence tools and techniques to perform advanced analytics 
Work directly with various customers in the Function and Bank to understand their business and help articulate requirements and architect solutions 
Inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science techniques in the Compliance Function and its customers where work intersects 
Work with members of the Function to develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, workflows, best practices and other issues 
Develop and maintain the Function’s strategies for implementation of business intelligence and data analysis solutions 
Participate in the research and evaluation of alternative solutions and make recommendations consistent with stated requirements and priorities 
Provide detailed analysis,  reports and dashboards to business areas to aid business stakeholder decision making 
Assist in the formulation and implementation of policies and procedures as they relate to compliance initiatives, practices and tools. 
Perform ad hoc analysis and assist on special projects.
Qualifications:
Minimum of 8 years of experience in a data-intensive role 
One to five years’ experience in compliance, banking/finance, or investigations. 
Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Science or a related discipline 
Experience performing data-driven business analysis in a business, rather than IT role 
Significant hands-on experience using business intelligence and analytics products 
Expertise in designing effective visualizations of analytics 
Proficiency in SQL and relational database modeling fundamentals 
Familiarity with database tuning and maintenance 
Strong familiarity with financial concepts and financial data 
Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and nontechnical audiences at all levels within technical and business  
At KPMG, we believe our people are our main and most integral resource. The KPMG culture is rooted in our values; our integrity and policy of open and honest communication builds trust and collaboration, while our flexibility and diversity creates a culture in which people share knowledge freely, and bring out the very best in each other. Our business services groups consist of professionals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds. We are currently seeking a Cognitive AI Data Scientist, to join our New York office, with other locations considered.
Responsibilities:
Define, develop and prototype cognitive solutions for KPMG’s business needs, such as Natural Language Processing (NLP), Linguistics, Advanced Semantic Design, Information Extraction, Information Retrieval, Probabilistic Decision Making, image recognition, deep learning, Machine Learning, cognitive science and analytics
Serve as a developer and Subject Matter Expert (SME) in one or several of the above mentioned domains and will help establish a competency in those cognitive areas for KPMG
Work closely with various KPMG functional teams to incorporate cognitive and advanced analytics models and algorithms in into KPMG’s solutions and offerings to its clients
Serve as Thought Leader in their cognitive area of knowledge, developing internal and external eminence and intellectual property, as well as support client facing activities and influence customer facing groups including senior executives, sales, as well as marketing and product development to successfully define, develop and launch new cognitive products
Model and algorithm development and optimization, working with software engineers to implement and productize the models and algorithms, engage in project specific activities as part of product development, as well as perform cognitive R&D work, develop tools and assets to support advanced cognitive development tasks
Participate in business development efforts including guiding clients through the transformation process into a cognitive automation operating model
Qualifications:
Master’s degree or Ph.D in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline with specialization and experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Cognitive Science or other related areas; with a minimum of three years of professional post academic work experience
Strong mathematical background with strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: Cognitive Science, Advanced Semantic Design, Information Extraction, Information Retrieval, Probabilistic Decision Making, image recognition, deep learning
Experience leading project teams and people as well as executing independently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to work with diverse teams in a highly matrixed environment
KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package.
No phone calls or agencies please.
One Firm. One Team. Countless Opportunities.
KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace.
KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192).
The Data Strategist is responsible for supporting the development of Customer Analytics for Yext clients. Key responsibilities will include analyzing customer data to extract trends and insights that can be shared with both Yext’s Customers and Sales/Services organization as well as supporting the development of internal data-driven initiatives. The ideal candidate is someone with 1-1.5 years of experience in an analytical role who is comfortable manipulating large data sets to extract compelling customer narratives. Preferably, this person will have experience building engaging client presentations and is well versed in database languages/tool development.
Responsibilities:
Support development of customer analytics and insights for client Quarterly Business Reviews across all product suites
Assist in developing best-in-class training materials, client-facing decks, and templates to support analytical reporting both internally and externally
Support the technical development projects aimed at improving Yext’s ability to analyze and process aggregate client data for both internal and external reporting
Work to identify trends or other insights that can be shared across sales and services teams to showcase the value and power of our data
Assist in analyzing critical metrics/standards for our products and drive standards across all clients
Work with Consulting and Xone teams to develop recommendations based on empirical usage and behavior data from current clients
Requirements:
BA/BS degree in economics; math/statistics; business; and/or finance
Problem solver/strategist with at least 2 years of relevant experience in B2B and B2C markets
Strong secondary research skills -- ability to obtain, synthesize, and analyze data from disparate sources and provide concise representation of such data to support recommendations
Strong analytical and database skills
Experience with database tool development, SQL, coding, and data science preferred
Proven track record of developing, administering and monitoring market analysis, data trends, and generation of reports
----
Compensation, Benefits & Perks 
Yext currently employs over 500 amazing people around the globe. Our headquarters are in the historic Flatiron District in New York City, with additional offices in Chicago, Dallas, London, and Washington DC. Yext offers the following exceptional benefits: competitive compensation, 401k, unlimited snacks, daily meal allowance, flexible hours / paid time off, and excellent health / dental / vision insurance. Our mission is to help people go places—both consumers to our customers’ doorsteps and our employees to new heights in their careers. We treat our employees well and offer tremendous growth opportunities. Challenging work pushes our people to be creative in a casual environment that is caring, fun, and collaborative. We believe that when you have smart, happy people working together you can produce something special.  
Tommy John is a disruptive apparel brand. Our online direct-to-consumer e-commerce business is exploding. We were on Business Insider’s list of “Top 51 Companies That Are Changing The Way We Shop” and CRAIN’s 2015 list of the “Best Places To Work.” We are constantly on a mission to add smart, innovative and fun loving team members and are looking for a Business Intelligence Analyst to come join our New York based headquarters.
We are seeking someone who excels at converting data into information, and information into insights to help us make informed business decisions. Under the direction of the Senior BI Manager, this person will work closely with cross-functional teams to analyze data trends that impact our business. The ideal candidate is a motivated team player, high performer with keen analytical and data skills, and attention to detail.
Responsibilities:
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and providing ongoing (ad-hoc and recurring) reports
Performing deep dive analysis/data mining on special, ad hoc business topics
Identify opportunities for Operations, Merchandising, Marketing, E-commerce, and other cross-functional teams
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets, and create quantitative models that tie to business results
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities across the organization
Develop scalable and replicable processes for data analysis to be used throughout the company in real-time or as needed
Design, implement, maintain and improve data warehousing
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or a related quantitative field
1-3 years of professional working experience in Business Intelligence and/or Analytics
1+ years of professional working experience writing SQL
1+ years of professional working experience with object-oriented programming languages (e.g. Java, Python, VB.net, C#)
1+ years of working experience in ETL
Exceptional data problem solving and business communication skills
Strong knowledge and experience using BI platforms and analytics tools (e.g. Microsoft Excel, Microstrategy, Qlik, Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, Google Analytics, etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail & accuracy
Technical expertise creating and analyzing data models, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong proficiency in relational database design and administration
Some awesome parts of working at Tommy John:
Benefits - Health, Vision/Dental
Medical covered 100% for employees
Tommy John Employee Discount
Weekly Culture Calendar events
Discounted Gym Membership
Flexibility
Tons of Snacks
Countless Happy Hours
Great work environment
What We're Looking For: 
Under the guidance of the Director of Data Science, the Data Scientist will lead advanced analytical research and development. This is a highly quantitative role that requires analytical aptitude, strong programming skills, intellectual curiosity and the ability to communicate results effectively.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To: 
Machine learning and model building for projects involving various teams across the company, including sales, marketing, human resources, finance, and operations
Predictive modeling and segmentation to support prospect scoring and consumer targeting
Data exploration to identify drivers & trends within our business
Ad hoc analysis and reporting as needed

Things That Should Be in Your Background: 
Degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics, or other quantitative field required; Graduate degree preferred
2-4 years of experience working with advanced analytic techniques in classification, regression, optimization and text analytics
Experience implementing machine learning algorithms (Random Forest, SVM, etc.) in production settings
Proficiency in either R or Python
Familiarity with data extraction across different database architectures
The ability and desire to identify and deploy novel solutions to business problems

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role: 
Strong interpersonal & communication skills
Ability to maintain a fun, casual, professional and productive team atmosphere
Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate in a courteous, tactful, and concise manner
Ability to work with a diverse team in a fast-paced environment
Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change
 
About 2U
2U partners with leading colleges and universities to deliver the world’s best online degree programs. Our Platform, a fusion services and technology, enables schools to attract, enroll, educate, support and graduate students around the world. Our company culture is united by our No Back Row® philosophy; the idea that when we each lean in and do our part, we are better individually and collectively.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement
At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U
2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits
2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:
Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy 
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
How Indeed Works:
Indeed works when talented, passionate people come together to get a job done. Come help Indeed work. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. 

How this department works:
How Technology Services Works. We are builders, we are integrators. We create and optimize solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. You don’t have to wait for some architect or manager to tell you what you can work on, you decide the priorities! With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. 

Position Summary:
How a Data Engineer works. 

As a Data Engineer at Indeed, your role is to deliver the information your business partners need to grow the business. You will assist business teams in drawing insights from our data. You are someone who wants to see the impact of their work and make a difference every day. You know what it takes to deliver quality reporting and business intelligence solutions to the organization. You understand the value and benefit of solid data practices and how to translate that into satisfied business partners. 

You are an experienced Software Engineer. You are skilled in extracting, transforming, and loading data. You are able to translate business requests into database design. You have experience working with Relational or NoSQL or columnar data stores for the purpose of generating Tableau data sources. 

You are someone who is passionate about data-driven approaches. You enjoy exploring large data sets and get excited about learning new technologies and learning in a collaborative environment. You are skilled at eliciting requirements from a wide range of different teams. 

Create and manage data sources
Integrate with Diverse APIs
Contribute to the ongoing development of the data warehouse ecosystem
Work closely with stakeholders on the data demand side (analysts and data scientists)
Work closely with stakeholders on the data supply side (domain experts on source systems of the data)
Build self-monitoring, robust, scalable interfaces and data pipelines for 24/7 operations.
Design and build optimized OLAP and Star Schema data structures
Create highly reusable code modules and packages that can be leveraged across the data pipeline
Develop and maintain data dictionary for published data sources
Develop and improve continuous release and testing processes
Elicit requirements from a wide range of different teams
About you:Requirements:
3+ plus years in corporate Data Engineering
Bachelor's degree in an Engineering discipline, computer engineering or computer science
Strong CS fundamentals and problem solving skills
Strong software engineering skills
Experience in one or more of the following: Python, Java, Javascript, Scala
Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders to define requirements
Strong SQL skills
Familiarity working with relational, or NoSQL, or columnar data stores
Familiarity with Javascript API, Rest API and Data Extract API
Ability to identify and resolve performance issues
Nice to haves: Matlab or R and Hadoop or Spark
Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. 
Introduction
The College Board, a national educational organization, is conducting a search for a Data Scientist in our Data Science Department, who will be located in our Reston, Virginia or New York City, New York office.
 
Summary
The Data Scientist will help the organization make better decisions using existing internal and external data. Primary clients will include all assessment and instruction programs at the College Board, the Access to Opportunity initiative, and other internal teams. Year 1 projects may include dashboard creation, report automation, analysis and interpretation, and prediction and optimization projects.
Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal clients and members of the Data Science team to understand business questions, design analytical requirements, communicate results, and put insights into operation.
Work with a large & growing educational dataset using descriptive statistics and data visualization tools.
Create insights from analysis of existing data, and drive the collection of new data through instrumentation.
Create reproducible, documented analyses that lend themselves to automation.
Create & improve predictive models in support of Board programs.
Qualifications
Master’s in a quantitative discipline and 5-7 years related experience, or a Bachelor’s and a proven track record of data science expertise
Additional Requirements
Fluent coding ability with R and SQL required (Python / Pandas nice to have)
Some experience with all of the following, and extensive expertise with at least one: machine learning and prediction tasks, NLP, data visualization, building data pipelines, exploratory data analysis, data storytelling, experimental design
Strong interpersonal skills and service orientation
Positive attitude; desire to learn new things, teach others, and continuously improve
Facility with relational, columnar, and NoSQL database systems
Command of JavaScript libraries like D3.js and Leaflet.js is nice to have
Experience with National Center for Education Statistics, Census, and/or consumer datasets is desirable.
Apply
If you are interested in joining the College Board and you meet our qualifications, we encourage you to apply by following the link below to send us your resume and a brief introductory cover letter that includes salary expectations.
Benefits 
We offer our employees an outstanding benefits package which includes 4 weeks of paid time off, a generous retirement plan, tuition reimbursement and ongoing professional development and training.
Mission
The College Board’s mission is to connect students to college success and opportunity. We are a not-for-profit membership organization committed to excellence and equity in education. Among our best-known products are the SAT®, PSAT/NMSQT®, and Advanced Placement Program®. 
The College Board is committed to diversity in the workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The College Board participates in E-Verify, a service of DHS and SSA, where required.  Please understand that only qualified applicants will be contacted.
Job Description

Across PepsiCo, we continue to build new capabilities that will be critical to achieving long-term, sustainable growth. The operating environment in which we do business is undergoing immense change, and it's imperative that we transform in ways that enable us to meet the future needs of our customers and consumers. Digital technology is one such force of change, and the way we interact with retailers, shoppers and consumers is evolving at a dramatic pace. The impact of Digital / eCommerce has fundamentally evolved and in some cases transformed almost every consumer segment with groceries / consumables being the next space that external experts and large players (e.g., Amazon, Walmart) are betting on. As a result, e-commerce is one of the fastest-growing areas within the consumer products industry and represents a significant opportunity to accelerate growth for PepsiCo going forward.

In order to maintain the necessary pace to meet the growth targets and compete effectively against start-ups or technology competitors requires a step-change in our thinking and traditional approaches to data analytics and utilization. Accordingly, this role will play a critical effort in shaping and executing the global eCommerce growth agenda through leveraging subject matter expertise in eCommerce / Digital analytics. S / he will be tasked with building out and owning our data/analytics capabilities required to better understand and drive growth for the business. This individual will also be tasked with helping to shape the larger thinking and analytics strategy for the eCommerce organization as it expands into new regions.

Accountabilities:
Develop and Deploy analytical tools and data science techniques to analyze large data sets and develop custom models/algorithms to uncover trends, patterns and insights in the data
Design, architect, implement, and support key datasets from a variety of providers that provide structured and timely access to actionable business information.
Assess and understand all key structured and unstructured data sources, especially related to the eCommerce or Digital space
Helps establish internal mindset and capability to instill a data-driven decision-making culture in the NA eCommerce organization Guides initiatives around a North America eCommerce data architecture strategy
Key stakeholder in driving new thinking around initiatives in eCommerce space
Constantly monitor data science trends, emerging tools and technologies and supports strategic leadership in developing common, best and continually improving frameworks, processes and best practices for predictive science
Provides support for analytics work across the organization, ensuring it is in alignment with the defined analytics agenda.


Key Skills/Experience Required:
10+ years of experience in Data Architecture, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning or other similar function with demonstrated ability to manage in a complex environment with multiple constituencies with at least 5 years specifically in the eCommerce / Digital space.
BA/BS in Computer science or related technical field required (Masters strongly preferred)
Demonstrated experience in building/designing Data Warehouses, Data Stores or other related technologies.
Deep expertise in complex modeling and analytical methodology including, but not exclusively, longitudinal analyses, multi-level modeling and multivariate analyses of variance
Highly analytical, motivated, decisive through leader with excellent managerial skills.
Ability to influence and work through others to effectively navigate matrixed organization while ensuring that necessary stakeholders are informed
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
protected veteran status, or disability status.
PepsiCo is an equal opportunity employer Minorities/Females/People with Disabilities/Protected Veterans/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. 
If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law (http://pep.jobs/eeo-poster) & EEO is the Law Supplement (http://pep.jobs/eeo-poster-supplement) documents by copying and pasting the appropriate URL in the address bar of your web browser.
To view our Pay Transparency Statement, please click here: Pay Transparency Statement
Hodes is one of the fastest growing Recruitment Marketing technology companies redefining how brands connect to talent. Our Symphony Talent Cloud  (STC) solution is helping organizations communicate their Employer Brand and manage the experiences of a diverse talent community across multiple channels – email, web, social, mobile. Our customers use our state of the art analytics platform to make data driven decisions to find the right candidates at an optimal budget.
Symphony Talent (ST) cloud is a next generation recruitment platform that provides most appropriate set of tools under one roof so employers benefit in ways they’ve never experienced before.
The solutions provide employers with capabilities to source, nurture, and engage, the right-fit candidates:
“ST Source” – covers the tools needed to create awareness and build interest among active and passive candidates across all available touch-points. The tools include programmatic media buying, job distribution, display ad optimization, career website platform, talent advocacy and social recruiting.
“ST Nurture” – connects continuously to the interested candidates with the goal of nurturing the interest and driving them to quality hires. This solution includes automated email campaigns, personalized content marketing, skill assessments and integration with application tracking systems.
“ST Engage”- completes the cycle by actively engaging the employees and converting them into advocates. Actively engaged employees help drive quality and also act as a primary internal source for talent acquisition
Position Summary
Symphony Talent is seeking a hands-on Analytics Product Manager who will own the development and delivery of this platform. The Product Manager will be responsible for development of Omni-data that collects data from other Hodes offerings and third party sources and the Analytics solution that generates reports and visualization functionality. This role may need to work with multiple groups to ensure data quality in the platform. In-depth understanding of advertising technologies such as tagging, first party and third party data environment, and mapping omni-channel data are all important aspects of this role.  Experience with DMPs, marketing automation solutions or a programmatic platform is required. 
Responsibilities:
Responsible for building up a high quality data lake collecting required data from all sources and maintaining the quality of data 
Develop requirements, define standards, and drive Analytics product roadmap by working in collaboration with Hodes practice leads, sales, account teams and customers
Suggest innovative ideas that will add value to customers by analyzing market opportunities, keeping in touch with new technologies and understanding customer pain points
Responsible for developing, articulating and championing the business case for investing in new ideas
Work with sales, account management and clients, championing the value of Analytics platform
Work closely with engineering counterparts by documenting the features, driving the design and development, maintaining high standards of quality, managing to tight schedules and implementing the roadmap release schedule
Maintain and prioritize the product backlog and refine its contents on an ongoing basis as new stories are added and existing ones are refined.
 

Qualifications and Experience:
5 years+ digital advertising technology experience (tagging, trafficking, media analysis) is required
Experience with Business Intelligence applications or analytics platform is required
Knowledge of SQL, analytics technologies to enable operational reporting and rich visualization is required
Experience in product management is required
Experience with DMP, programmatic media is preferred
Knowledge of Agile principles, with experience in leading scrums, building user stories, writing specifications, and managing team resources
Knowledge of Big Data technologies, machine learning and predictive analytics is preferred
Superb written and verbal communication skills characterized by clarity and brevity
Dynamic and engaging speaker comfortable in front of audiences of all sizes and backgrounds
Ability to influence people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions
Exceptionally strong analytical skills and a natural predisposition toward data-driven decision making
Excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of what’s most important
Ability to prioritize projects and efforts according to business need
BS in Computer Science or related technical field with MS/MBA a plus
Willing to travel to meet customers and partners up to 20% time
Why join Symphony Talent (ST) Product team?
You will be part of a team that’s disrupting the Recruitment Marketing industry by build a world class platform that will help redefine how brands connect to talent
ST is a high growth marketing platform company with a culture focused on going above and beyond for customers, investing in our people, building innovative solutions and having fun while doing so
As Product Managers you will work with cross functional group of disciplines – Marketing, Engineering, Sales, Corporate Marketing and Alliance Partners, be able to offer your ideas and learn a ton from experts in the Talent industry
Our leadership team has a passion to create the best employer brand for our customers, offer best in class service and use cutting technology solutions
ST Perks Include:
Competitive compensation
Great benefits package, including a 401(k) plan
Open, collaborative culture and flexible work hours
To help plan and analyze experiments that will help shape the Dow Jones & Wall Street Journal subscription business model.    

The candidate will be embedded in the Data Science and Data Analytics groups, and will work closely with cross-functional teams to deliver high-impact insights from experiments and analyses.

This is an intermediate level role for someone who is motivated and is a self-starter, requiring minimal supervision to complete tasks and is able to work well with cross-functional stakeholders with varying degrees of understanding of statistics and data science. 

We are interested in a candidate who has a strong interest in learning about online journalism and the digital advertising world.  This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to work on high-impact business problems.


Responsibilities

Design of experiments including estimation of sizing of test and control groups to ensure statistical significance and data collection strategy.
Statistical analysis of results of experiments (typically in logs provided in Google BigQuery)
Writing analysis reports including findings and the impact on the business. 
Communicating findings to cross-functional stakeholders.  
Facilitate broad cross-functional collaboration with clear communications and documentation.

Skills & Experience

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields, or equivalent practical experience.
Advanced understanding of statistics, A/B Testing and experiment design.
Programming experience working with large datasets. 
Experience communicating with non-technical teams. 
Strong written and oral communication skills. 
Ability to work and collaborate with interdisciplinary groups. 
2+ years work experience as a business-facing data analyst. 

Preferred Qualifications
Experience writing SQL/BigQuery queries.
Experience on a high-level programming language such as R or Python

Company Overview: 
Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource. 

Equal Opportunity Employer: 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets 
Head of Data and Analytics, Bark & Co 
Bark & Co. - New York, NY 
Can you give a pup belly scratches until you get carpal tunnel? Listen to squeaky toys until your ears bleed? We (and the worlds dogs) are looking for you. Bark & Co. is a fast-growing business for people who love, (*ruv) dogs. We're looking for a Head of Data and Analytics to join our team. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

As the Head of Data and Analytics at Bark & Co., you will be responsible for setting Bark’s data strategy and managing its rich and varied data set. Data drives all parts of our business; from the products we design, the content we create and the events we hold. Your role will be to manage a team of analysts that make all business teams smarter by giving visibility into what drives their businesses. Specific responsibilities include: 

Envision, build and execute a multi-year strategy and plan for analytics at Bark
Grow and lead a talented team of analysts
Proactively work with product, operations, merchandising and marketing teams to deliver business insights
Define and track success metrics across the company
Govern the data dictionary / schema; make sure we are tracking the right data that provide insights into key business problems
REQUIREMENTS 

We are looking for an exceptional data analyst with experience in the following areas to help us grow our business and to make dogs around the world happier. The quantity of your experience is not nearly as important as the quality of it. Project examples and actioned insights speak volumes to us. 

You have a strategic business mind, but you’re also able to dive into the technical implementation of our data collection with the engineering and data science team.
You’re equal parts product analyst, business analyst, data scientist, and analytics leader
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to ask the right questions to identify business challenges and objectives, analyze data, draw conclusions, and develop insights that are both meaningful and actionable.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to motivate and develop staff, as well as to train, mentor and delegate effectively
BONUS POINTS 

And as a rapidly growing startup, we recognize and encourage exploration outside of our comfort zones. If you have experience in the following, please bring it to our attention as we will certainly have more to talk about. 

Experience with advanced statistics and analytics (e.g. LTV models, attribution modeling, predictive modeling)
Experience with Looker and Redshift
Qualitative research experience
About Us 

Founded by Matt Meeker, Henrik Werdelin, and Carly Strife, Bark & Co. is a fast-growing company serving dogs and the humans who love them. We’re a company dedicated to the creation of products that foster the health and happiness of dogs everywhere. 

Today, Bark & Co. consists of several major properties:
BarkBox: A monthly subscription box of dog goodies.
BarkPost: Your daily dose of doggy news.
BarkShop: Spoil your pup with the very best.
This position is fulltime salaried position (with equity) and on-site at our amazing new 2-floor office in Manhattan, New York. We offer health insurance for both you and your pup, 401k, wonderful team lunches, and a dog to pet anytime you wish.
30+ days ago - save job
- original job 
Job Description:
AdTheorent is an ad network engaged in real time bidding to reach the ideal audience for each advertising campaign. We are looking to hire a results-oriented data scientist with experience in data analysis and predictive modeling. Experience in advertising or real time bidding is a plus. The job will involve research, analysis and coding to improve our current technology and develop innovative new solutions to the problems posed by real time bidding. This is an exciting opportunity for a skilled professional (junior or senior) to apply big data techniques to work within a very fast-growing industry.
Responsibilities:
Independently manipulating and analyzing high volume, high-dimensionality real time bidding (RTB) data in order to identify relationships and trends
Build predictive models using machine learning algorithms to optimize advertising campaigns
Visualize results of statistical analyses in the form of graphs, charts, tables and scorecards
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research or another relevant technical field (B.S. M.S. or Ph.D.)
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL, data transformation (ETL), data mining, ad-hoc analysis
Extensive experience with Python, R, Stata, SAS, Matlab or another statistical language
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative techniques
A passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data in a clear and precise way
Ability to take high level, loosely-defined business problems and identify precise, quantitative solutions
Experience with big data software and techniques such as Hadoop is a plus
Experience in advertising or real time bidding is a plus

About AdTheorent
AdTheorent is a technology company that is transforming advertising through data-driven predictive solutions. AdTheorent’s machine learning, tracking and deep linking technologies combine to maximize engagement and awareness for advertisers.
Learn more about our culture here: http://www.adtheorent.com/careers
Data Scientist 
WeWork 12 reviews - New York, NY 
About the Role 

We are seeking a mid-level data scientist to join WeWork’s Data Science team. This sits within the Data Team, a centralized and relatively small, collaborative, and tightly-knit team whose job is support analysts and decision makers across the organization, and to support you. We want you to focus on shipping machine learning models and make a difference to the business. 

More concretely, the Data Team is composed of four sub-teams:
Data Engineering: provide the analytics infrastructure for the whole of WeWork.
Business Intelligence: develop reports, dashboards, and metrics, as well as provide BI tools, to provide accurate and timely information.
Insights: supports various product and business groups with recommendations and in-depth analyses.
Data Science: deploys impactful data products based on advanced analytics and machine learning.
You will focus on the latter. 

Responsibilities 

In this role, you will get to collaborate with various business and tech teams to design, implement, and roll out models—from classification and clustering to NLP and predictive modeling—that directly impact our members and our business operations. 

With the rest of the data team to support you (such as with data access & cleaning, and understanding business logic and metrics), your job is to work with the business to define appropriate problems, perform advanced analytics, prototype machine learning solutions and models, and then experiment, and ultimately roll out impact data products. 

Why This Role is Important 

This role is important because there is a huge potential for data science to impact the business. While WeWork is very data-driven, it is only just starting to use data science to augment those decisions. You have the chance to showcase what data science can achieve, increase broad buy in and enthusiasm, and change the culture. There is a general thirst to use data in more creative and powerful ways and you can help meet that. 

What You Will Learn 

There is a lot of potential to learn new skills in this role. You are going to learn how to work with the business, how to determine the best problems to tackle, and how to tackle them with ML. Of course, you get the chance to beef up your data science chops. You will have the independence and responsibility to own these projects, choose the right models, and see them through to completion. Want to work with interesting data? We got it. Want data from a global brand open in 100+ locations across multiple continents, we got it. Want it in multiple languages, we got that too. Want to tackle problems from sales and retention to real estate and social networks? You betcha. 

Requirements 

4+ years practical experience in industry as a data scientist or similar quantitative role.
Track record of prototyping, developing, and deploying statistical and ML models.
Strong SQL skills. Experience with production transactional and data warehouse databases. (We primarily use AWS Redshift.)
Strong technical skills, especially in Python (numpy, scikit-learn, pandas etc), R, and *nix command line.
Deep knowledge of machine learning and data mining.
Superior communication and data visualization skills. You can tell a compelling story with data.
Experience working in an Agile environment
Nice to Have 

Experience with NLP
A Master’s or Ph.D. in quantitative relevant subject (such as science, computer science, statistics, or machine learning) is preferred but far more important is your proven, industry track record.
Critical Competencies for Success 

You do what you love!
You are infinitely curious.
You are a collaborative doer who can work independently to get things done.
You love to learn. Love to mentor and teach others, even better.
You thrive in a dynamic startup environment. You live KISS and embody agile.
You keep up-to-date with latest developments in the field
About WeWork 

WeWork is the community of creators. We provide the space, community and services for over tens of thousands of members to do what they love and create their life's work. WeWork’s mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living. Our own team members are central to this mission. 

The WeWork team is a group of entrepreneurial, grateful individuals who deeply believe in what we are creating and in the power of “we”. We challenge convention and achieve amazing things through dedication and collaboration. 

WeWork transforms buildings into beautiful, collaborative work spaces and provides infrastructure, services, events and technology so our members can focus on doing what they love. Our team members value the WeWork concept and there is a contagious energy in our offices as we work towards accomplishing our goals. 

Our hunger for building great spaces, empowering small businesses and connecting interesting people hasn't yet begun to be satisfied. We are just getting started, and our journey gets increasingly more exciting as team members join our mission! 

Our values guide who we are and everything that we do. 

Inspired 

We do what we love and are connected to something greater than ourselves. 

Entrepreneurial 

We are creators, leaders and self-starters. We try new things; we challenge convention; and we’re not afraid to fail. 

Authentic 

We are genuine to our brand, mission and values. We’re not perfect and we don’t pretend to be. We are, though, always honest and as transparent as we can be. 

Tenacious 

We never settle. We get sh*t done and we get it done well. Be persistent and knock down walls – literally if you have to. You have our permission. 

Grateful 

We are grateful for each other, our members, and to be part of this movement. We don’t take success for granted. We’re happy to be alive. 

Together 

We are in this together. This is a team effort. We always look out for one another. We value empathy; we know we’re all human, and know we can’t do any of this alone.
30+ days ago - save job
- original job 
Position Description: 
Today, data science is fundamentally changing the way AIG does business and we are building a Rapid Learning Lab to support AIG’s transformation to a customer centric organization. The lab reports into the Head of Consumer Science and Customer Analytics within the Chief Customer Office for AIG’s consumer business. The Rapid Learning Lab is charged with leveraging cutting edge quantitative methods (statistical Design-of-Experiments, machine learning, and optimization) to dramatically improve our interactions with our customer’s and prospective customers. There is a strong focus on improving Direct Marketing function across all customer touch points, and the customer experience in the digital space.
As a Director within the lab, you will work with all of AIG’s consumer lines of business, both domestically and internationally. You will report to the head of the Rapid Learning Lab and lead a team of data scientists focused on rapid test and learn and modeling across the entire Direct-to-Consumer sales funnel, from media channel optimization, to value based prospect identification and targeting, to messaging and creative effectiveness, to real time digital bidding optimization, to website content and call center testing and optimization, to customer experience improvement within fulfillment. There will be a strong focus on Digital and Mobile experience and the role requires a combination of deep, sophisticated analytical expertise combined with a strong business acumen and strategic mindset in order to drive change in the organization.
What you will do:
?
 Own critical and fast-paced initiatives affecting a global customer base; oversee projects from idea conception and strategy development to deployment, production, and operations. 
? Create robust, testable, and scalable solutions that go immediately into field testing and cover the entire spectrum of execution across the direct to consumer sales funnel.
? Build strong relationships with senior executives in direct marketing and the business lines and work with those executives to develop a work program across multiple lines of business
? Lead a team of modelers and all aspects of the technical work on your portfolio of projects
? Utilize Design-of-Experiments to design and analyze highly efficient tests to derive actionable  insights to improve the direct marketing effectiveness and efficiency across the sales funnel
? Communicate insights from quantitative analyses to senior business executives and technical and non-technical audiences and leverage those insights to drive improvements
? Push the envelope in the digital marketing space to drive towards a customized customer experience across the sales funnel
? Work with business sponsors, external vendors and IT teams to implement analytic solutions
? Review, direct, guide, and inspire the analytical work of junior staff
? Contribute to the transformation of the culture at AIG to a customer-centric organization, especially by improving the data and analytics environment overall


Position Requirements: 
Experience managing a team of data scientists and a successful track record of leading technical work on complex projects
? Proven facility with multiple modeling techniques (e.g., Neural Net, Logistic Regression, CART, KNN, SVM, Random Forest, Linear, Nonlinear, Boosted Regression Trees)
? Expertise in Statistical Design-of-Experiments 
? Expertise in SQL and at least one of the following: R, Python, or SAS.
? Consultative nature, with a proven track record of using data to provide actionable business results.
? Proven relationship and partnership skills; ability to influence and drive outcomes in a large complex organization.
? Experience framing complex real-world problems, structuring analytical solutions, making difficult trade-offs, and trouble shooting a model
? Excellent communication skills with the ability to handle nuanced communication and present complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences
? Proven ability to nurture and lead technical talent
? Prior experience in direct marketing, particularly Digital and Mobile is a plus
? Masters degree (PhD preferred) in quantitative discipline
? 10+ years of  relevant experience (may be flexed for exceptional candidates)
What you can expect from us:
? An opportunity to build a cutting edge direct marketing capability
? Unparalleled opportunity to apply state-of-the-art machine learning techniques to real world datasets
Work with highly intelligent and accomplished individuals who understand and value technical challenges

 


About Us: 
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. Our diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.

Impact
Ever wondered how Amazon offers the Earth's biggest selection and still manages to offer lower prices every day to our customers? Our retail business teams work with a massive array of vendors and business financial performance metrics to expand selection and drive costs lower. Given the rapid growth of our business, this requires our category leaders, financial analysts, site merchandisers and vendor managers to quickly analyze vendors, categories and brands, diving deep into data showing business efficiency down to the unit sale level. The technology that enables this has huge visibility and impact and is critical to Amazon's continued profitability and growth.

Innovation
We're working on the future. If you are seeking an environment where you can drive innovation. If you want to apply state-of-the-art software technologies to solve real world problems. If you want the satisfaction of providing visible benefit to end-users in an iterative fast paced environment, this is your opportunity. The responsibilities of this role will be key in paving the future of Amazon Retail and transforming how we do business.

Opportunity
You will be part of a team of creative, top-notch software developers to work hard, have fun, and make history. Software engineers at Amazon are more than just order takers; they see a problem and leverage innovative technology to address it. You will be working with very large data sets, well beyond the scalability limits of conventional relational databases. We're looking for people who innovate, love solving hard problems, and never take "no" for an answer. 

Our team is within Retail Financial Intelligence Systems and develops sophisticated tools for the Amazon Retail businesses, supporting deep dive analysis, vendor negotiations and business planning towards enhancement at the bottom line. We also provide financial and operational reports to Amazon retail vendors worldwide. 


To learn more about Financial Intelligence Systems, visit our page at http://bit.ly/AmazonFIS 

Basic Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree or higher in an analytical area such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or similar.
5+ years relevant professional experience in Data Engineering and Business Intelligence
3+ years in with Advanced SQL (analytical functions), ETL, DataWarehousing.
Advanced data analysis skills – e.g. pivot table.
Strong knowledge of data warehousing concepts, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments, data structures, data modeling and performance tuning.
Ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.

Preferred Qualifications 
Experience on working with Big Data
Knowledge and experience on working with Hive and the Hadoop ecosystem
Knowledge of Spark
Affinity Health Plan, an independent, growing, not-for-profit managed care company designed specifically to serve the needs of low-income New Yorkers, needs a Data Science Analyst with data quality experience to assure accuracy and completeness of data. In this role, you will create and implement sophisticated reporting strategies, examine and verify the quality of data being used, evaluate and test new or modified business intelligence applications in order to ensure that applications function according to user requirements and conform to established quality guidelines, provide analytical support for strategic and business decision-making, and work collaboratively with stakeholders to provide information, insights and effective BI (Business Intelligence) solutions.
As part of your responsibilities, you will:
 
Act as liaison/analyst for internal stakeholders, understand their needs and translate them into reporting and analytic solutions. Effectively communicate with stakeholders and customers and ensure all requests are properly triaged, recorded and tracked.
Analyze issues using enrollment, utilization, clinical, medical management, financial and other corporate data, and information from both modeled internal data as well as disparate internal and external sources:
Work with departmental staff to identify requirements for reporting and / or business intelligence tools.
Identify necessary data, data sources and methodologies.
Collect, organize, integrate, analyze, interpret and quality-check data.
Leverage advanced statistical analysis methods to create insightful recommendations and conclusions.
Identify and address expected and unforeseen data complexities to mitigate their impact on the analytic outcome and associated business decisions. Feed data quality issues back to the Data Management team to help ensure high quality data.
Develop and present reports, analyses and findings to senior management and others as scheduled or requested. \
 
 
Adhere to corporate standards for performance metrics, data collection, data integrity, query design, and reporting format to ensure high quality, meaningful analytic output.
 
Help identify and understand data from internal and external sources for competitive, scenario and performance analyses, and financial modeling to gain member/provider insight into new and existing processes and business opportunities.
 
Develop and write test plans and scripts for tracking defects and fixes in utilized data, business intelligence application development, information systems, and operations systems.
 
Test new business intelligence (BI) applications to ensure that the integration into company systems meets functional requirements, system compliance, and technical specifications.
 
Review new or modified BI applications, including documentation, diagram, and flowchart to determine if application will perform according to user request and conform to guidelines.
 
Recommend improvements or modifications to applications as a result of testing to ensure the highest quality product.
 
Develop and maintain project work plans, including critical tasks, milestones, timelines, interdependencies and contingencies.  Track and report progress.  Keep stakeholders apprised of project status and implications for completion.
 
Provide technical support to data analytics functions as they relate to varied business units, and technical expertise on the selection, development and implementation of various reporting and BI tools tied to business unit reporting requirements. Create new BI reports and interactive dashboards as required.
 
Prepare clear, well-organized project-specific documentation, including, at a minimum, analytic methods used, key decision points and caveats, with sufficient detail to support comprehension and replication.
 
Ensure customers are adequately trained to use self-service BI tools and dashboards. Assist and teach others within the organization on how to a) define meaningful process and performance measures, b) develop BI queries, and c) generate and use management reports effectively.
 
Share development and process knowledge with other analysts in order to assure redundancy and continuously build a core of analytical strength within the organization.
 
Demonstrate proficiency with the principles and methodologies of process improvement.  Apply these in the execution of responsibilities in support of a process focused approach.
 
Perform other duties as necessary or assigned.
Requirements for this position include:
Minimum of BA/BS degree in a relevant field of study; Masters degree preferred.
At least two (2) years of analytics development experience for a health plan or managed care organization including either: 
Experience working in health plan actuarial, financial reporting or medical economics departments.
Experience working in healthcare provider analytics related to revenue modeling, managed care contracting, population management, case management, clinical or financial decision support,
General understanding of ETL tools like SSIS. 
Strong working knowledge of Business Intelligence products such as SAP/Business Objects, SAS, or MicroStrategy.
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences.
Strong data mining skills using tools like SQL, R, SAS, MapReduce, Aster, etc
Advanced analytical, financial and technical skills needed to perform complex analysis and data modeling using sophisticated report writing and data management tools.
Develop and write test plans and scripts for tracking defects and fixes in business intelligence application development, information systems, and operations systems.
Test new business intelligence (BI) applications to ensure that the integration into company systems meets functional requirements, system compliance, and technical specifications.
Review new or modified BI applications, including documentation, diagram, and flowchart to determine if application will perform according to user request and conform to guidelines.
Recommend improvements or modifications to applications as a result of testing to ensure the highest quality product.
Ability to exercise critical thinking and logical reasoning, and understand the conceptual framework and database relationships underlying managed care reporting.
Excellent oral and writing skills.
Demonstrated ability to articulate goals, plan and implement processes to achieve those goals, and meet deadlines.
Advanced interpersonal (e.g., mediating, mentoring, teaching) skills required to service internal and external clients effectively, and manage relationships and activities that are diverse and complex.
Our group analyzes large amounts of data from various public sources to identify patterns and glean insight into market trends. We are looking for undergrads and advanced degree holders (MS or PhD) in finance, computer science, mathematics, or other related fields to join our team.
Job Responsibilities
Sourcing, processing, analyzing and distributing large data inputs
Utilizing query languages like SQL and NoSQL
Ensuring quantitative models produce quality insights into data
Using machine learning and other statistical methods on unstructured data in order to draw insights and understand trends
Preferred Candidates: We are seeking individuals with strong statistical backgrounds and machine learning experience. The position requires extensive exposure to large data sets in order extract meaningful and useful insights.
MS or PhD degree in a quantitative/ technical field from a top university
Programming languages (C++, Java, Python)
Statistical modeling (R, SPSS, SAS)
Strong SQL and NoSQL experience
Creative Thinking
Job Type: Full-time
Required education:
Master's Degree or Doctorate
Required experience:
SQL: 3 years
Spss: 3 years
Job Type: Full-time
Division Description
Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in nine Divisions: Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mobility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives, Healthineers and Financial Services.

With 45,000 employees Siemens Healthineers is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry and a leader in medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics and healthcare IT. All supported by a comprehensive portfolio of clinical consulting, training, and services available across the globe and tailored to customers’ needs. So that more people can have a life that is longer, richer, and more filled with happiness.

For more information, please visit: http://www.usa.siemens.com/healthcare 

Job Description
Siemens Healthineers is looking for talented individuals destined to usher in the next era of healthcare. We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. The convergence of data and technology is transforming healthcare and life sciences organizations in every way. New roles are being created that never existed before to meet the demands of this transformation.

We have an exciting opportunity  - Executive Sales Consultant / Subject Matter Expert (SME). This role combines demonstrated clinical experience with the ability to leverage advanced analytics to address and solve complex challenges facing healthcare provider organizations today.

As a Clinical Sales Consultant/SME, the candidate will:

• Work in collaboration with Sales leaders and Integration Team
• Have experience building business and leading transformational solution sales initiatives
• Develop value propositions, sell the intangible, and develop clinical solutions for our Provider customers
• Build long term, collaborative relationships with senior client executives through demonstration of a fundamental understanding of their business problems and how to apply cognitive computing solutions.
• Have experience in and be accountable for selling large transformation projects
• Bring industry knowledge to envision our applications in a health context and business process versus custom solution design and development
• Leverage their prior experience managing complex clinical projects, client expectations, software services methodologies as well as demonstrate organizational skills, financial management, planning, and communication
• Collaborate across product development, implementation, ecosystem partners, and consulting teams to bring the best capability to address each client's needs and fully deliver on commitments in a rapidly evolving high technology business

Siemens Healthineers is looking to leverage the talents of many professionals with an understanding of:

• Clinical process flow within a hospital, specifically the patient to doctor relationship, the process the doctor goes through to diagnose, propose treatments especially for chronic diseases such as Oncology, Congestive Heart Failure (CHF), Diabetes, etc. 
• Key elements of what drives a hospital from a business perspective and what key metrics most payers and providers care about in order to drive the end result
• Key elements in clinical trial matching from a provider and/or life science company perspective
• Key elements of Research and Development for life science companies

Main Responsibilities as a Clinical Sales Consultant/SME, the candidate will:

• Work in close-knit teams consisting of one or more Key Account Executives and Business Analyst
•  Have experience building business and leading transformational solution sales initiatives
• Develop value propositions, sell the intangible, make markets and drive demand for Watson’s cognitive computing platform
• Build long term, collaborative relationships with senior client executives through demonstration of a fundamental understanding of their business problems and how to apply cognitive computing solutions.
• Have experience in and be accountable for selling large transformation projects
• Bring clinical knowledge to envision our applications in a health context and business process versus custom solution design and development
• Collaborate across product development, implementation, ecosystem partners, and consulting teams to bring the best capability to address each client's needs and fully deliver on commitments in a rapidly evolving high technology business
*LI-MKM 

Siemens encourages qualified long-term unemployed individuals to apply for open positions.

Offer of employment with Siemens is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check and drug screen, subject to applicable laws and regulations.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, disability status, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law:
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. Click here to learn more.
Data Scientist
Drive Technological Advancement
at New York’s #1 Hospital
 
Data Scientist
 
At NewYork-Presbyterian, our commitment to cutting-edge technology is crucial to the delivery of world-class care and caring. Employees throughout our organization rely on technological resources to perform as efficiently and effectively as possible. Now, we’re seeking an innovative self-starter like you to support the continuous advancement of our hospital’s technical capabilities.  
 
Our Data Scientists help us drive the organization in the use and adoption of data in today’s evolving healthcare environment to make data-informed decisions.  This position serves on our centralized analytics team to meet the needs of our business partners. By working closely with our partners in Operations, Quality, Research, Clinical Care and Finance we are responsible for providing a broad range of data services including:  Data Delivery, including extracts, analysis and visualizations; Data Integration; Data Warehousing, including structure and unstructured environments; Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning; Subject Matter Expertise of data sources, data types and data models
 
As a Data Scientist on the Analytics team at New York-Presbyterian you will have the opportunity to utilize complex systems of data to drive meaningful insights that affect our community and patients.  You will have the ability to own data analytics projects end to end and provide direct impact to our constituents.  Ideal candidates will have passion for data science and creatively solving problems and finding insights using data.
 
Preferred Criteria
Advanced degree in quantitative field or equivalent experience
Leading and contributing to the overarching analytics strategy at New York-Presbyterian
Significant supervised and unsupervised modeling experience
Excellent project management skills
Ability to work independently
Ability to negotiate and manage competing expectations and commitments
 
Required Criteria
Bachelor's Degree, Quantitative degree in Statistics, Math, Computer Science or other related fields
Minimum of five to seven years of related work experience
Experience working with large, complex data sets
Fluent in SQL, Python, R and/or similar technologies
Excellent communication and presentation skills
 
Join a hospital where employee engagement is at an all-time high. Enjoy competitive compensation along with benefits such as tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and financial planning assistance. Start your life-changing journey today.
__________________
 
#1 in New York. #6 in the Nation. - U.S.News & World Report, "America's Best Hospitals 2016-2017"
 
Discover why we're #1 in New York - an unparalleled pursuit of excellence and the widest array of choices for your career. Learn more about what we can offer you at: nyp.org/careers
The fastest growing Big Four professional services firm in the U.S., KPMG is known for being a great place to work and build a career. We provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.
KPMG is currently seeking a Data & Analytics Senior Consultant – Microsoft Big Data & Analytics, to join our New York office, with other locations considered.

Responsibilities:
Assess, capture, and translate complex business issues and requirements into a structured analytics use case, including rapid learning of industry/domain/client dynamics and development of effective work stream plans
Utilize a hypothesis-driven problem-solving approach to design, construct, and rapidly test/iterate exploratory analyses that will reveal insight and opportunities for the client
Deliver client analytics project work stream through direct ownership of data ingestion, validation, mining, and engineering, as well as modeling, visualization, and client communication deliverables (on more advanced projects, will work with data science, big data, and visualization experts)
Build analytics solutions using variety of big data technologies and analytics tools as required by the client, and create robust documentation of solutions and underlying design decisions and operating procedures
Support project leaders in tracking and communicating project risks, budget, rates, and launch/closeout activities, including the administration of work papers and collaboration sites 
Proactively broaden and deepen client relationships by working with varying levels of client team members
Qualifications:
Minimum of four years of data analytics experience with a professional services firm, an internal strategy/analytics group, or similar environment 
Bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative field from an accredited college or university (master’s or MBA degree preferred) with working knowledge of topics such as statistics, econometrics, machine learning, operations research, decision science, and cloud computing
Demonstrated analytics solution design and build expertise, work stream management skills, strong business consulting acumen in applying advanced analytics to solve business issues, and knowledge of business operational, process, delivery, and revenue models
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain technical concepts and analytics-driven findings to business people, and to explain business processes, concepts, challenges, and issues to technical resources; ability to travel up to 80%

KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.
The successful candidate will play an integral role in cardiovascular precision medicine team science focused on the clinical data, electronic health record (EHR) data, genetic associations studies, and clinical genetic data. He/she will work with clinical researchers, other data analysts, biostatisticians and bioinformaticians to generate and integrate clinical and EHR datasets for precision medicine research including genetic associations studies, clinical and laboratory translational studies, and to assist with clinical cardiovascular genetic programs. Primary responsibilities will include collating, integrating and managing clinical data from the EHR and genetic data to address clinical and human genetic research questions. The candidate will perform project-specific tasks with fellows, post-doctoral research scientists, and faculty. The Data Analyst will perform other responsibilities as required. 
We are the simpler way to a smarter home. Our industry-leading platform brings hundreds of products from the best brands together into the easy-to-use mobile app. With us, you can seamlessly monitor, control, and automate your home in ways never possible before. Our goal is an ambitious one - to make the promise of the smart home a reality for everyone. We’re a talented, small, and scrappy team that’s disrupting the industry at warp speed while going head-to-head (and winning) against some of the biggest companies worldwide.
As a member of the data science team you will share responsibility for providing actionable insights to the experience, technology, and business teams, while also developing data driven algorithms that make the smart home smarter!
The Responsibilities
Work with large amounts of data
Identify opportunities that would help improve the experience of people’s home Experience
Apply predictive modeling techniques for a variety of user modeling tasks
Work closely with experience designers to develop features that makes user’s homes more comfortable and intelligent.
Run a variety of different tests to optimize our user’s experience.
Recognize that sometimes (If not most times) the simple solution is the best solution
The Qualifications
An excellent communicator - you can explain complex technical topics to a broad audience with ease
Exploring, manipulating, and visualizing data in big data to find new patterns and signals
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, Astrophysics or other quantitative field; Masters or PhD strongly preferred
SQL experience - Experience in transactional and data warehouse environments using MySQL, Amazon Redshift, or other database systems. Must deeply understand joins, subqueries, window functions, etc.
Fluency in: Python, Spark
An ability to work independently to get an idea from inception to implementation, including knowledge of techniques for validation and A/B testing
Experiment design - You should have a deep understanding of experiment design: Control vs variations, factorial experiment design, multivariate experiments, simple random sampling vs stratified, etc
Bonus Qualifications
Understanding of AWS: Experience with AWS data engineering tools: EMR, Data Pipeline, Kinesis, etc…
Experience with PyMC, BUGS, STAN, etc.
Hands-on experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms for regression, classification, and clustering
Bayesian statistics/probability- Experience with building simple probabilistic models, simulations, and other computational techniques to run statistical analyses for several mission-critical projects. Should also be able to package them into conceptual features available through our data intelligence services and internal code.
The Application
Try out our app and products. Spend some time understanding what we do. If you think we are a good fit for each other, submit your resume along with a cover letter, letting us know why you want this job and why you are the perfect fit for us.
Mount Sinai Health Partners, the population health division of the Mount Sinai Health System and the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, located in the New York Metropolitan area and ranked 5th in FastCompany's “Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Big Data” is searching for a highly qualified Data Science Analyst.  In this role, you will create and implement sophisticated analytics, and provide support for strategic and business decision-making. You will work collaboratively with stakeholders from across the organization to provide information, insights and BI (Business Intelligence) solutions that contribute to sound strategic planning, decision-making, goal setting, and effective performance measurement.


What You'll Do:
As part of your responsibilities, you will:
 
Act as liaison/analyst for internal stakeholders, understand their needs and translate them into reporting and analytic solutions.
 
Effectively communicate with your stakeholders and customers and ensure all requests are properly triaged, recorded and tracked.
 
Analyze issues using enrollment, utilization, clinical, medical management, financial, administrative and other corporate data from modeled and disparate internal and external sources.
Work with departmental staff to identify requirements for reporting and / or business intelligence tools.
Identify necessary data, data sources and methodologies.
Collect, organize, integrate, analyze and interpret data.
Leverage advanced statistical analysis methods to create insightful recommendations and conclusions that you effectively communicate to your stakeholders.
Identify and address expected and unforeseen data complexities to mitigate their impact on the analytic outcome and associated business decisions. Clearly communicate data issues to the recipients and work to improve data quality where possible within the analytical models you create.  Feed data quality issues back to IT or identified data stewards to assist in our quest for high quality data.
Develop and present reports, analyses and findings to senior management and others as scheduled or requested. 
 
Adhere to corporate standards for performance metrics, data collection, data integrity, query design, and reporting format to ensure high quality, meaningful analytic output.
 
Help identify and understand data from internal and external sources for competitive, scenario and performance analyses, and financial modeling to gain member/provider insight into new and existing processes and business opportunities.
 
Work closely with IT on the ongoing improvement of Mount Sinai's integrated data warehouse, driven by strategic and business needs, and designed to ensure data and reporting consistency throughout the organization.
 
Develop and maintain project work plans, including critical tasks, milestones, timelines, interdependencies and contingencies.  Track and report progress.  Keep stakeholders apprised of project status and implications for completion. 
 
Provide technical support to data analytics functions as they relate to varied business units, and technical expertise on the selection, development and implementation of various reporting and BI tools tied to business unit reporting requirements. Create new BI reports and interactive dashboards as required.
 
Prepare clear, well-organized project-specific documentation, including, at a minimum, analytic methods used, key decision points and caveats, with sufficient detail to support comprehension and replication. 
 
Ensure customers are adequately trained to use self-service BI tools and dashboards. 
 
Assist and teach others within the organization on how to a) define meaningful process and performance measures, b) develop BI queries, and c) generate and use management reports effectively.
 
Share development and process knowledge with other analysts in order to assure redundancy and continuously build a core of analytical strength within the organization.
 
Demonstrate proficiency with the principles and methodologies of process improvement.  Apply these in the execution of responsibilities in support of a process focused approach.
 
Perform other duties as necessary or assigned.
 
 
What You'll Bring:
Requirements for this position include:
 
Minimum of BA/BS degree in a relevant field of study; Masters degree preferred.
At least two (2) years of analytics development experience for a health provider, health plan or accountable care organization including either:
Working knowledge of health care EMR or claims systems such as Epic/Clarity, eCW, Facets, QNXT, Amisys, or similar systems. 
Knowledge of New York State Medicaid and CMS Medicare regulations and related reporting requirements such as STARS, QARR, MMCOR, MEDS, RAPS and HEDIS. 
Experience working in health plan actuarial, financial reporting or medical economics departments.
Experience working in healthcare provider analytics related to revenue modeling, managed care contracting, population management, case management, clinical or financial decision support, 
PhD, MD or DO program may be substituted for 3 years of experience
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences. Experience with and an understanding of a wide variety of analytical or statistical methods.
Strong working knowledge of Business Intelligence products such as Tableau, Information Builders, Dimensional Insights, SAP/Business Objects, SAS, MicroStrategy, etc.
Strong data mining skills using tools like SQL, R, Python, SAS, Java/MapReduce, Aster, etc
General understanding of ETL tools like SSIS, Data Stage, PowerCenter, etc.  
Advanced analytical, financial and technical skills needed to perform complex analysis and data modeling using sophisticated report writing and data management tools.
Ability to exercise critical thinking and logical reasoning, and understand the conceptual framework and database relationships underlying health care data.
Ability to think creatively; demonstrated excellent problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and writing skills characterized by the ability to communicate effectively with varying audiences.
Demonstrated ability to articulate goals, plan and implement processes to achieve those goals, recognize and assess the implications of confounding variables, anticipate consequences, and meet deadlines.
Advanced interpersonal (e.g., mediating, mentoring, teaching) skills required to service internal and external clients effectively, and manage relationships and activities that are diverse and complex.
Self-motivated and resourceful, with a demonstrated ability to think and work independently, and to exercise independent judgment in originating or developing complex techniques or programs in a complex and dynamic environment.
High level of integrity as demonstrated by 1) appropriate treatment of confidential or protected health information, 2) adherence to policies, procedures, rules, and regulations, 3) professional conduct in dealing with persons internal and external to the organization, and 4) sensitivity to populations served by the organization.
Are you looking for an ambitious new project where you can have a vast impact? Would you be excited to use big data trails for good? Is the New York data scene your home turf?
Join our revolutionary project that is poised to disrupt traditional research and transform our understanding of human life from a holistic data-driven perspective.
We are seeking an experienced and well-connected Data Acquisition Manager to work with both public and private data providers (e.g., NYC Open Data, LexisNexis, NYC Administration) to facilitate relationships and collaborations.  Your work will be a part of the Kavli HUMAN Project (KHP) that launches in NYC in mid-2017.
Key Duties and Job Responsibilities
The Data Acquisition Manager will be a part of the Measurement & Technology team at KHP.  Key responsibilities include:
Working closely with the KHP leadership team to identify available data sources that address the needs of the KHP study
 Reaching out and establishing relationships with data providers
 Facilitating discussions between KHP team and data providers to reach mutually acceptable agreements
 Negotiating terms & conditions of bespoke data sharing agreements
 Proactive and persistent work in persuading people of the benefits of entering an agreement
 Working closely with technical teams and data vendors to ensure un-interrupted flow of data
 Horizon-scanning of new and untapped sources of “data exhausts” that may enrich the KHP study
Requirements:
A minimum of 3 years’ experience working with public and/or private data providers in a similar capacity
 Must have a ‘big picture’, agile and strategic mindset and ability to work independently
 Experience in data analysis, data warehousing or data integration
 Outstanding inter-personal and communication skills
 A Bachelor’s degree is required. Preference will be given to those with degrees in a relevant field
Preferred:
Extensive set of contacts in data provider landscape
 Knowledge of data management and/or contract negotiations
 Master’s degree in a relevant field
To Apply:
Please e-mail a CV/Resume, a short cover letter (max 1 page), and contact information for 1-3 references through this job posting. Please also include your top two relevant data providers and briefly explain why (max 1 page).
You can also email job.iisdm@nyu.edu with subject line: Data Curator/Data Partnership Manager for KHP.
 
Background on the Kavli HUMAN Project
The Institute for the Interdisciplinary Study of Decision Making at New York University is launching the most ambitious study of human beings ever conducted: The Kavli HUMAN Project (Human Understanding through Measurement and ANalysis).
What are the roots of human behavior?  How do we make decisions, and what forces shape those decisions?  How can we apply what we learn about human health and behavior to inform and improve public policy to make it more effective?  Thanks to new technologies and advances in fields like genetics, neuroscience, and urban informatics, we can break down the silos between these and other fields to unlock novel insights into human behavior and enable the development of scientifically driven public policy.  Kavli HUMAN Project (KHP) will entail gathering information at an unprecedented level of breadth and detail, ranging from health and medical data to financial tracking and social networks for a representative sample of 10,000 New York City residents. KHP will study New York City residents for 10-20 years, and will do for the field of behavioral science what other major projects did for their respective fields, like the Human Genome Project or the Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
Associate, data Science and market Intelligence 
Analytic Recruiting 2 reviews - New York, NY 
Associate, Data Science and Market Analysis with expert level SQL and data mining skills and 
a experience/interest in analytics, investment research or market research sought by NY based research firm. The Associate will: Mine structured and unstructured data sources including– but not limited to – syndicated research, sales data and proprietary databases to develop actionable intelligence 
Develop statistical models and forecasts to understand market trends and make predictions 
Support business development 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (statistics, economics, quantitative finance, computer science or equivalent 
Minimum 2 years’ postgraduate experience in analytics and investment/market research 
Experience in working with large amounts of data and deriving actionable insights from the data 
Strong proficiency in SQL 
Proficiency in software development (Matlab, R, Python, etc.) 
Expert level Microsoft Office skills with particular strength in developing compelling PowerPoint slides/presentations 
Some understanding of financial markets and their implications on corporate performances 
JPMorgan Intelligent Solutions (JPMIS) transforms JPMC data assets to create and commercialize information and solutions that enable consumers, businesses and governments to make better decisions and achieve their objectives. JPMIS also uses Big Data Technology to improve efficiency and information use within JPMC.
 
Job Description
The ideal candidate will primarily be responsible for leading build and management of Hadoop platform and Java applications. The ideal candidate will ensure that systems are built to meet functional and non-functional requirements. The candidate will ensure upgrades and enhancements are non-disruptive and appropriate planning is performed and acted upon. The candidate will have solid technical documentation skills to complete Permit to Operate required documentation. 
 
Responsibilities
·         Lead build of Hadoop platform and Java applications. 
·         Support application until handed over to Production Operations.
·         Provide direction to junior programmers
·         Technical documentation, architecture diagram, data flow diagram, server configuration diagram creation 
·         Complete Risk questionnaires for the application 
·         Drive project team to meet planned dates and deliverables 
·         Work with big data developers designing scalable supportable infrastructure. 
·         Work with Linux server admin team in administering the server hardware and operating system 
·         Assist with developing and maintaining the system runbooks. 
·         Perform ongoing capacity management forecasts including timing and budget considerations. 

Qualifications
 
 
BS Degree in Computer Science/Engineering preferred.
·         7+ years of IT experience 
·         2+ years experience in Hadoop required
·         4+ years of Java experience preferred
·         4+ years experience in ETL with tools like Informatica, Data Stage or Ab-initio preferred
·         Exposure to Greenplum an advantage
·         Exposure to SQL/Shell and procedural languages like PL/SQL, C, C++
·         Understanding of Storage, Filesytem , Disks, Mounts , NFS
·         Development experience in Sentry, Cloudera Manager, Hive, HBase, Impala preferred 
·         Excellent customer service attitude, communication skills (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills. 
·         Experience working in cross-functional, multi-location teams.
·         Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
·         Experience in financial services industry preferred
Q is building an operating system for the built world, backed by a comprehensive technology and service platform. Today, hundreds of companies in four cities trust Q to make their offices run better. We handle everything from catering to IT, to cleaning, plumbing and office supply management. In short, we make it easy to run an office.
We also believe that creating good jobs is fundamental to our success. We treat all of our employees well — from software engineers to office cleaners. We know that 5-star service comes from talented, motivated people.
This position requires a unique combination of SQL skills, communications skills, and business savvy.  You will meet with teams across the organization to understand their needs, and then use your SQL skills to ensure their needs are met by Looker.  You’ll be responsible for ensuring consistent definitions of key terms: the definition understood by the organization should match the definition in SQL.  You will work with the teams to ensure they use Looker to correctly access the data that you’ve made available.  As you gain a deeper understanding of how data is used by the organization, you’ll get ideas for improvements.  You will advocate for collecting data that isn’t currently being collected, and will suggest more meaningful KPIs that teams should monitor, and you will provide guidance to other teams about how they could be using data in ways they haven’t considered.  
Depending on your skill set and experience, you'll also take on projects requiring application of statistical analysis or machine learning techniques.  Because we are such a young company, there are many opportunities to make an impact using data.
In your cover letter, please take a few sentences to describe how you have used data in previous positions to make a positive impact. Applications without cover letters will not be considered.
Responsibilities:
Own data modeling in Looker
Write high-quality, performant, accurate, readable SQL with respect for best practices
Analyze user requirements and prioritize your time accordingly
Ensure users of Looker feel empowered to self-serve
Provide technical support for Looker users as necessary
Develop Looker training curriculum for new employees
Advocate with product and engineering teams for data collection
Qualifications:
2-5 years' experience in a SQL-intensive role, ideally in a BI/Analytics or data engineering/data science function. Title and compensation depend on experience
Demonstrated attention to detail and commitment to reporting accuracy
Demonstrated ability to learn-by-doing
Experience using data to advise or make business decisions
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Strong analytical skills
Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, economics, engineering, or related
Nice to have: experience with Looker, Salesforce data, web marketing data, event tracking data, and Redshift
Nice to have: demonstrated statistical analysis and machine learning skills
Benefits: 
Ground floor opportunity at one of the fastest growing companies in the world
Competitive salary
Generous Stock Options
401(k) with matching
100% coverage for medical, dental, and vision insurance
An insanely supportive, hardworking team, building something BIG 
The Shipyard is a leading digital consultancy + agency with offices in Columbus, OH - New York, NY - Denver, CO - and Orange County, CA.  We consult organizations at the highest levels on everything from digital transformation - to new business models - to national campaigns.  Not only do we provide traditional agency services - we also build many of our own proprietary products in areas like user level tracking (DMP) - attribution - data activation - and multi-site analytics.  We have deep partnerships with the many of the leading ad tech companies to provide us access to media inventory across ever channel. The organizational environment at The Shipyard is collaborative, innovative, and fast-paced. We’re currently working on some of the toughest problems in marketing; including first-to-last-touch data collection, custom audience clustering methodologies, attribution modeling, and marketing automation.  Our work is seen all over the country (and the world) - and the things you do here will have a huge impact on what people see across mediums like the web, TV, Internet Radio, and mobile.  The Shipyard provides a rare opportunity to work on both difficult, interesting problems - and have your work seen by millions.  We’re looking for people with great technical ability - but also have a creative streak (this is a creative business after all).  Who can come up with unique solutions to problems - and love to work with other aspirational people.
 
Why is this job awesome?
If you like to solve tough problems on the cutting edge of an industry, this is a great place to be. As a teammate on the Data Science and Analytics team at The Shipyard, the data engineer is responsible for collecting and structuring data and configuring and maintaining storage systems. Data collection activities include capturing user interactions online using JavaScript, parsing server logs, and building API connections between third-party data sources and Shipyard analytics servers. Structuring activities will involve mapping data from SQL and NoSQL databases and automating the creation of output structures to connect to data visualization systems. The Data Engineer position is on a team that includes Analytics, Data Science, Content Strategy, and will also have the opportunity to work closely with our Paid Media and Development Teams.  This is a rare opportunity to work 1) work in interesting problems 2) have your work seen by tens of millions of people 3) influence the way content and media is consumed all over the country
 
What skills and experience are required?
ETL
Data modeling
Database Optimization
Web Services / APIs
Full stack web development
Python or PHP
MySQL, MongoDB, or Hadoop
JavaScript
Log parsing and mapping processes
Git
DMP implementation (Krux, Oracle/BlueKai, Adobe Audience Manager, etc.)
Web Analytics (google, adobe, media math)
User level tracking
 
What other experience would be the icing on the cake?
R
Hadoop v2, (MapReduce, HDFS)
BitBucket
Jira
Sourcetree
Server virtualization
Data visualization
Big Data analytics
Google Search Console
Programmatic bidding technologies
SQL
New York Life Insurance Company (“New York Life” or “the company”) is the largest mutual life insurance company in the United States*. Founded in 1845, New York Life is headquartered in New York City, maintains offices in all fifty states, and owns Seguros Monterey New York Life in Mexico.
 
New York Life is one of the most financially strong and highly capitalized insurers in the business. The company reported 2015 operating earnings of $1.875 billion. Total assets under management at year end 2015, with affiliates, totaled $528 billion. New York Life holds the highest possible financial strength ratings currently awarded to any life insurer from all four of the major ratings agencies: A.M. Best, A++; Fitch AAA; Moody’s Aaa; Standard & Poor’s AA+. (Source: Individual Third Party Ratings Report as of 8/11/15).
 
Financial strength, integrity and humanity—the values upon which New York Life was founded—have guided the company’s decisions and actions for over 170 years.
 
 
 
Statistician / Data Scientist 
 
New York Life’s Center for Data Science and Analytics is responsible for delivering high impact analytic solutions to address business problems aligned with our strategic initiatives.  We cover a vast spectrum of the business including Underwriting, Consumer Research, Digital Marketing, Sales and Fraud.  We are looking for Data Scientists / Statisticians / Data Engineers at various levels of seniority to join the team.
 
Ideal candidate components
High fluency in a language such as R, Python or SAS.  Expertise or high interest in learning in big data technologies 
 
Solid foundation in standard modern statistical techniques such as different types of Regression, Experimental Design, Survival Analysis, Random Forests, SVMs, Cluster Analysis, MC Simulation,  … 
 
Proficient presentation skills and comfort presenting to audiences with vastly differing degrees of analytical expertise 
 
Prior work experience with variety of different data – structured / unstructured, rare events, varying sizes of datasets 
 
Demonstrated ease of working on complex analytical problems.  Forward thinking and proactively seeks to improve processes or prevent road blocks 
 
Strong engagement in all aspects of designing a custom analytic solution in collaboration with our business partners from idea generation, selection of analytic approach to the solution development and deployment as well as performance evaluation and testing 
 
Understanding of all aspects of model building from data collection, stratified sampling, feature engineering, variable selection, test and validation to presenting results to both internal and external teams
Experience and Background
 
We prefer to hire individuals who have an advanced degree (MS or PhD) in a field such as Statistics, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Applied Mathematics, Economics or another field which is highly analytical / quantitative. 
 
Prior work experience from financial institutions, insurance, marketing or health care would be beneficial, but pertinent skills can be obtained from any industry
 
 
 
EOE M/F/D/V
 
If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.
 
*Based on revenue as reported by “Fortune 500, Ranked within Industries, Insurance: Life, Health (Mutual),” Fortune Magazine, June 15, 2015.  See http://fortune.com/fortune500/2015/  for methodology. 
1. Operating earnings is the key measure use by management to track Company’s profitability from ongoing operations and underlying profitability of the business. This indicator is based on generally accepted accounting principles in the US(GAAP), with certain adjustments Company believes to be appropriate as a measurement approach ( non GAAP), primarily the removal of gains or losses on investments and related adjustments.
2. Assets under management represent Consolidated Domestic and International insurance Company Statutory assets (cash and invested assets and separate account assets) and third party assets principally managed by New York Life Investment management Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company.

Job Segment: Database, Scientific, Statistics, Underwriter, Accounting, Data, Engineering, Insurance, Technology, Finance 
Working closely with Director, Data & Analytics and the planning team, you support the design analytics methodologies to shape and support communications strategies and creative direction. You also work closely with the digital and account teams, not only to inform how they serve their brands and measure success, but also to help shape and sell data-centric offerings to drive both organic and new business growth. This position works with a variety of data sources (both primary and secondary) and utilizes tools that measure earned media, social media, and consumer insights.
 
Key Responsibilities
Work closely with digital and brand teams to make specific and actionable client recommendations and sell in additional client engagements
Partner with the Director, Data & Analytics to develop business cases with account leads that clearly show impact of campaigns and initiatives on business objectives, as well as ROI
Partner with the Director, Data & Analytics, digital and brand teams to leverage data to develop new insights and analytics with the goal of improving planning, deliverables, growth, and efficiency (e.g., trend sensing, social media reporting, tracking influencer engagement or media mentions)
Reduce manual reporting & data redundancy
Cultivate solid relationships with staff, internal partners, and clients
Collect/pull relevant data from multiple sources
Work with Planner to turn the data into actionable insights
Measure impact on business outcomes and perform regular reporting on KPIs. Help to develop reporting templates as needed
Amplify, optimize, and input into lessons for best practices and future planning/execution
Partner with traditional, online, and social media teams to develop a trend sensing news room
Represent the agency in client and industry functions to enhance agency reputation
 Requirements
3-4 years of experience in marketing/communications analytics and measurement
Experience with social listening tools such as Sprinklr, radian6/Salesforce and BrandWatch
Understanding of the digital landscape 
Data Science educational background is preferred
 
Company Summary
Marina Maher Communications (MMC) is a forward-thinking company at the epicenter of the future of marketing in the digital age. Founded by Marina Maher in 1983, the organization has a deep history of providing creative solutions to reach and motivate consumers for such blue-chip companies as Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Merck, RB, NovoNordisk and Pfizer. Long regarded as the preeminent expert in marketing to women, the company has a strong track record of industry awards and recognition including Gold Sabres, Gold Clios, Gold Effies, Gold Wommys and “Best Places to Work” by Advertising Age, PR News and more. While MMC opened its doors focused on the craft of public relations, today the company is a 21st century global integrated marketing communications agency that is content based. In addition to world-class Influencer Marketing (PR, Social, Content), Brand and Digital Strategy, a robust Creative Practice and a dynamic Data/Analytics Function all sit within the agency. MMC is an Omnicom Company.
Founded in 1856, Burberry today remains quintessentially British, with outerwear at its core.  Digital luxury positioning and intensive focus on design innovation, quality and heritage icons ensure continued brand purity and relevance globally across genders and generations. Burberry believes that in order to be a great brand it must also be a great company and constantly leverages the energy of its compassionate and creative thinking culture to continually innovate and drive the brand forward. Headquartered in London, Burberry is a design, marketing and retail led business with a global reputation for innovative product design, digital marketing initiatives and dynamic retail strategies. 
As part of the Americas Customer Insights team, the Senior Customer Insight Analyst  involves a dual focus: (1) Retail Commercial Insights: providing in-depth and real-time analytics of Burberry customer acquisition and retention, customer trends, and adding the customer dimension to all facets of commercial performance within a retail organization (2)Customer Loyalty and Experience: providing in-depth analytics on customer retention and providing an analytics engine for the success of the regional Customer Value Management program. 
RESPONSIBILITIES
Providing ongoing understanding of customer trends as a driver of Burberry’s business 
Weekly dashboarding to enable course-correction and actioning 
Providing deep-dive analytics on the demographics, psychographics, and product propensities of existing and potential customers 
Identifying new opportunities for the Customer Value Management program to target existing customer through loyalty programs – uncovering new targets, suggesting new content, providing consulting on execution, and validating the results. 
Managing analytics of Voice of the Customer program in Burberry Retail organization 
Providing the customer angle to retail business questions on traffic, conversion, and productivity 
Providing timely analyses of upcoming seasonal moments of demand to identify programs/targets/products that can maximize commercial impact during these moments 
Providing customer insight to all levels of organization – from senior leadership to store teams and sales associates 
Liaising with Corporate (UK) Customer Insights teams on data governance, analytics innovations, and best practices 
Partnering with the local and global merchandizing teams to understand the customer types driving success of different products 
Innovating and always looking for new analytic techniques, data sources, and tools. 

PERSONAL PROFILE
Proven record (2 yrs. +) in Customer Analytics within a Retail Organization 
Experience using retail data to improve productivity and performance in-store 
Experience in a highly analytical field with client-facing responsibilities 
Advanced degree in a quantitative field 
Proficiency in SQL, familiarity with HiveQL, R/Python, additional coding experience preferred 
Knowledge of statistical / data science techniques (e.g. segmentation, decision trees, regression) 
Highly analytical and critical – able to draw logical conclusions out of existing data or hypothetical what-if scenarios 
Excellent communicator, able to partner with internal clients and influence their decision-making through data and story-telling 
Fast and independent learner 
Tableau experience preferred 
Experience with NPS/Voice of Customer analytics preferred 
Hadoop, PIG, MapReduce 

Burberry is an Equal Opportunities Employer and as such, treats all applications equally and recruits purely on the basis of skills and experience.
The fastest growing Big Four professional services firm in the U.S., KPMG is known for being a great place to work and build a career. We provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.
KPMG is currently seeking a Data Scientist, to join our New York office with other locations considered.

Responsibilities:
Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses
Build recommendation engines, spam classifiers, sentiment analyzers and classifiers for unstructured and semi-structured data
Cluster large amount of user generated content and process data in large-scale environments using Amazon EC2, Storm, Hadoop and Spark
Perform machine learning and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods
Drive client engagements focused on Big Data and Advanced Business Analytics, in diverse domains such as product development, marketing research, public policy, optimization, and risk management; communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations
Perform explanatory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns
Qualifications:
Five years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist 
Experience with command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms and ability to work in a Linux environment, processing large amounts of data in a cloud environment
Masters degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Econometrics, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields, with a minimum of two years of relevant experience (strong mathematical background with ability to understand algorithms and methods from a mathematical viewpoint and an intuitive viewpoint)
Strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: machine learning, data visualization, statistical modeling, data mining, or information retrieval
Strong data extraction and processing, using MapReduce, Pig, and/or Hive preferred 
Proficiency in analysis (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) packages, programming languages (e.g. Java, Python, Ruby) as well as the ability to implement, maintain, and troubleshoot big data infrastructure, such as distributed processing paradigms, stream processing and databases such as Hadoop, Storm, SQL and Solr
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future

KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please
Sr. Data Scientist 
Hudson Data - New York, NY 
Contract
Hudson Data is a data science solutions firm specializing in big data and predictive modeling factories. Through the application of machine learning techniques and highly advanced algorithms, Hudson Data solves some of the most challenging business problems faced by data driven enterprises. Our office is headquartered in downtown New York City, near Wall Street. 

One of our leading insurance client is looking to fill as position in Data Science with expertise in survival analysis. The details are as follows: 

Responsibilities: *
From day one, you execute and think *
Balance independent and collaborative problem-solving *
Leverage analytics experience to build predictive models and promote data-driven solutions *
Communicate findings and hypotheses to both technical and non-technical group members 
Requirements
: *5+ years of analytics experience *MS or PHD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research or another quantitative discipline *Experience in developing predictive models using regression techniques: linear and logistical regression, GLM *
Good to have experience in machine learning techniques like Random Forest and Gradient Boosting *
Experience working with scalable machine learning platforms: SkyTree and/or H2O *
Proficient in at least one of the two programming languages: SAS, R, python *
Strong presentation and communication skills *
Not required, but nice to have experience in other languages: Python, Java, C++, MATLAB, SQL, Excel Pivot Tables
International Claims Data Insights Analyst(Job Number: 311542)

Description
 
The Overseas General (OG) Claims Business Intelligence Group provides reporting and business insight solutions for the international claims department, allowing Chubb to provide superior claim handling services to our customers in 54 countries around the world.
 
KEY OBJECTIVE:                                                                                                                                                             The OG Claims Insights Analyst will translate large, complex datasets into pragmatic, actionable insights, providing tangible benefits to our organization’s handling of claims, and ultimately, to our customers’ claims experience. 
MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:                                                                                                                                         
Partnering with IT and business stakeholders to identify areas of interest and opportunity within data
Sampling, processing, and transforming data as needed
Applying statistical methods and machine learning algorithms to data
Utilizing problem solving and critical thinking skills to glean insights from analysis
Sharing insights with business stakeholders and executives
Being a team player and supporting fellow OG Claims BI team as needed

Qualifications
 
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
2 to 5 years of hands on experience dealing with Big Data and utilizing Machine Learning (insurance industry experience is preferred)
Advanced programming expertise in Python or R (expertise in VBA is also a plus)
Advanced knowledge of relational databases and SQL scripting
Advanced expertise with business intelligence reporting and data visualization tools (COGNOS and/or Qlikview is preferred)
Strong ability to learn and utilize new technologies in a short time
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (specializing in mathematics, statistics, computer science, economics, or another quantitative discipline is preferred)
Available for occasional international travel
New York-1133 Ave of the Ameri   New York 10036
Xaxis is actively looking for an Analyst- People Analyst to join our Talent & Culture team. At Xaxis, you will collaborate with a group of quick witted, humorous, and extremely dedicated coworkers and clients who are all passionate about digital media. The Xaxis work environment is inviting. You will work in an open modern space where you will often find groups in casual brainstorming sessions sharing ideas and strategies for new initiatives. Everyone has a voice at Xaxis, and we are open to new ways of thinking, especially those that will contribute to the overall success of Xaxis. Opinions and ideas are always welcome, in fact, they are encouraged! 

We believe in the power of digital media to transform the way businesses and consumers can interact. You must believe as well. 
 
Job Description
Partner with Director of Talent & Culture to develop dashboards and insights to drive strategic business decisions.
Identify approach for predictive analytics, methods and insights to address talent needs.
Identify, analyze, and interpret people and culture trends for management.
Develop and maintain documentation for process changes, instructions and updates to reports and dashboards.
Partner with all Talent & Culture team to develop standard reporting based on needs for each business unit.
Measure effectiveness and performance of investments in systems, programs and initiatives through data analysis.
Lead market research and share data-driven trends within the industry.
Drive and execute special projects.
 
Qualifications and Experience 
2+ years of experience
Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Information Management, Research, Psychology or related field.
Technical expertise in building data models, database design development, and data mining.
Experience working with a wide variety of analytical methods, metrics, dashboards and data visualization.
Superior analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize and interpret large data sets, including both structured and unstructured data.
Extensive working knowledge of Excel functions, statistical formulas, pivot tables & v-lookups.
Strong attention to detail.
Strong organizational, planning and project management skills.
Strong critical thinking, verbal and written communication skills.
Flexible and works effectively within a highly collaboration and entrepreneurial culture.
Ability to handle sensitive HR information with high degree of confidentiality and discretion.
Reporting to the VP, Director of Digital Analytics & Insights, the ideal candidate is an experienced data analyst with a proven track record with producing insightful performance reports and data visualizations. The candidate will manage multiple digital/social/brand measurement data sources and analyze a wide range of digital/social/brand metrics to provide insightful and actionable reporting that will influence strategic and operational decisions. The candidate will also maintain accuracy and security of all ongoing reports/dashboards, data sources/archives, metrics tools and provide related technical support as needed.

The senior data analyst position requires a proven track record of data analysis and visualization experience. The senior analyst will be responsible for gathering, validating, analyzing and visualizing digital, social media and brand metrics data to provide performance reporting and actionable insights related to our corporate website, social media channels and digital advertising/marketing campaigns. 

Primary Responsibilities: 

-Work with key stakeholders to determine key performance indicators and document custom reporting requirements to meet business requirements. 
-Track and measure key digital, social media and brand metrics to determine channel/campaign performance. 
-Analyze key performance indicators across various dimensions and segments (e.g. marketing channels, audiences, devices, geographies, business lines, etc.) to identify trends and attributes of success.
-Determine and document channel/campaign best practices and enhancement opportunities. 
-Design and visualize quantitative results and qualitative analysis via data visualization tools.
-Liaise with internal and external technical support leads to ensure consistency and accuracy of all measureable data across all digital and social data sources.

Additional Responsibilities: 

-Liaise with internal and external technical support leads document and implement custom tracking solutions.
-Provide digital marketing campaign support including but not limited to email marketing and social media.
-Develop and implement statistical algorithms/models to process and manipulate large datasets across a variety sources for reporting and analysis.
-Provide development and QA support throughout implementation process.

-Work closely with the digital UX and operations team to ensure delivery of all technical implementations requiring custom tracking.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required. Typically 6-8 years of experience in software development required; experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus. Proven experience interpreting and analyzing web analytics data, working with web analytics solutions; knowledge of Adobe Analytics (Site Catalyst) and/or DTM a plus. Advanced knowledge of MS Access and Excel (e.g. v-look-up, pivot tables, etc.).  Experienced in the use of data visualization solutions (e.g. Tableau, Birst, DOMO, Qlik, etc.). Samples required.  Good understanding of statistical modeling and its applications for marketing analytics/forecasting. 
Saavn is the world’s largest South Asian focused music streaming service with millions of monthly active users. We are 150 entrepreneurs, across New York, California, Mumbai, Gurgaon, and Bangalore, who help music lovers access, discover, and listen to their favorite music across all languages and genres. We blend digital technology, data analysis (which we have affectionately coined Music Science), and a strong, fearless business acumen to reach all corners of the globe.
Through partnerships with Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and Shazam - to name a few - Saavn reaches more music fans than any other South Asian service. Our award-winning mobile products, partnerships, and thought leadership have been featured in some of the world’s leading publications, such as The New York Times, Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, The Economic Times, The Times of India, CNBC, and many more. We are well-funded by some of the world’s most successful institutional investors and global media companies, including Tiger Global Management, Bertelsmann, Steadview Capital, Liberty Media, Mousse Partners, Quilvest, and a number of strategic individuals. Beyond investing, these are advisors and supporters of our vision, our passion, and our collective ability to deliver a revolutionary music experience as the leader in India.
OUR CULTURE:
At Saavn, we ignite passion and performance to work towards a collective goal: building a mobile entertainment ecosystem and the best possible music experience for hundreds of millions of people. From in-office performances by some of the world’s most beloved musicians to opportunities for international travel, Saavn offers a dynamic and unconventional work environment. We believe creativity and technology blend together like sweet melodies. When you choose Saavn, you join a diverse world of high-caliber techies, artists, and inventors, hailing from companies like Yahoo!, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google, Qualcomm, HBO, Microsoft, Flipkart, Amazon, Paytm, Quikr, MSN, and NDTV. We are amongst the few digital companies that provide tremendous opportunities for high-tech work in Mumbai, that one would have to otherwise seek in Silicon Valley.  Our value-based, people-first work culture is about empowering every individual on our global team to be a catalyst for change in this dynamic digital world. Every day is an opportunity to bring your thinking to life, and to expand, learn, and grow. No idea is left unconsidered. No voice is left unheard.
ROLE:
The Data Visualizer will be responsible for the design and creation of visualizations of new high-impact visual applications to make data actionable and facilitate decision making for Saavn and our investors.  Seeking a designer capable of converting text and data into rich visual representations. This role requires translating data into a format that can be presented using a compact and creative approach that is engaging, easily interpretable, specific, relevant and accurate.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, develop, and provide implementation of compelling data visualizations, dashboards, tools, and utilities using Open Source technologies (Java/J2EE, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Spring, MyBatis, JQuery, D3, React.js etc.)
Responsible for supporting the development and delivery of high visibility, high performing, and scalable solutions
Work on a wide portfolio of visualization projects, supporting multiple departments
Support the Data Science team with the understanding of business and data requirements, and iteratively design visualizations for initial concepts and prototypes that can be presented for feedback
Collaboratively identify the best means to visually depict the intermediate as well as final data analytics results in ways to provide effective process for mining new insights and assisting in decision making for solving complex problems
Apply design and data analysis techniques to organize the presentation of data in visually innovative ways in order to make it easier to understand, insightful, and actionable by end users
Lead the complete lifecycle of visual analytical applications; from development of mock-ups and storyboards to complete production ready application
Manage a repository of re-usable data visualization templates and views
Maintain awareness of industry trends in technology, data news, design and media. This includes programming, content, community, user interfaces and information architecture
REQUIREMENTS:
Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Related Technical Field or Equivalent Experience
4+ years relevant work experience, including demonstrated experience in designing usable web-based interfaces (web, tablet, mobile)
Expert knowledge of data visualization tools is preferable and excellent at using Data visualization libraries such as D3.js (Have a portfolio/samples of past work)
Expert CSS & HTML skills. Solid knowledge of Sketch or Adobe Photoshop (or Illustrator).
Demonstrated proficiency with data modeling and visualization
Curious about translating raw data to insights and good understanding of Industry best practices 
Ability to work fluidly across internal and external cross-functional teams such as Product, Brand Solutions, Marketing, etc. 
Experience translating graphic designs to PowerPoint presentations
Translate requirements into highly engaging and compelling design concepts
Effectively conceptualize, design and create high-quality visuals in a variety of digital formats including PPT and infographics
Comprehend numerically driven or abstract concepts and convert them into appropriate, visually compelling representations under deadline and without factual error
Strong analytical, decision-making and problem solving skills and abilities
Proven ability to act as a leader in communicating conceptual ideas and design rationale
Understand the importance of user research and usability studies, and can drive gorilla style research  
Ability to swiftly tweak and troubleshoot design and interaction issues in a browser or on a mobile device
BENEFITS AND PERKS:
At Saavn, we blur work and play, and you get all the perks of a global company.  You will get to work with a dynamic group of entrepreneurs, who are delivering results and working zealously across time zones to make a difference in the way the world experiences music.  We love what we do, and we think you will too.
Premium health coverage (medical, dental, and vision)
Discounted gym membership
401K Matching Contributions
Flexible vacation policies
Free healthy (and unhealthy) lunches, snacks, and drinks
Saavn-sponsored team outings
A VP of Data Science with strong hands on experience in “Big Data” as well as predictive modeling, optimization, machine learning, neural networks using a range of advanced technical tools (Python, SAS, Hadoop, CPlex, C++, etc.) This is a leadership position that will be responsible for helping develop quantitative solutions to solve complex business problems. The candidate will be involved developing leading-edge, “out of the box” advanced analytic solutions and processes 

Requirements: 
• intellectual curiosity, entrepreneurial drive, structured thinking and problem solving skills, innovator 
• Master’s degree (PhD preferred) in a quantitative discipline (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics. Computer Sciences, OR, Industrial Engineering or equivalent) 
• 10+ years developing advanced analytic solutions for business in a “Big Data” environment 
• Strong hands on experience in predictive modeling, optimization, machine learning using a range of advanced technical tools (Python, SAS, Hadoop, CPlex, C++, etc.) 
• Industry thought leader with a track record in developing new analytics techniques or processes. Prior publication , speaking engagements highly preferred 
• Able to work in a fast paced entrepreneurial environment 
• Ability to work with cross functional teams and multiple stakeholders 
• Ability to effectively engage clients in discussions related to growth and solutions and develop relationships 
If working with databases and analyzing data for business decisions is your sweet spot, this is a career move for you. It’s a great opportunity to work on a collaborative Marketing Intelligence team that delivers actionable intelligence to key decision makers. 

How this Job Matters … 

The successful candidate will provide relevant data to enable effective management of the reporting system that tracks website activity on ThomasNet.com domains. You’ll monitor activity on these sites and assist with reporting and analyzing critical information. 

Who We Are … 

We’re ThomasNet, a leader in connecting industrial buyers and sellers through an array of internet marketing, content development, and technology solutions. Please visit us at www.ThomasNet.com. We are looking to bring on a Marketing Data Analyst to work with our Market Intelligence team. The successful candidate will provide relevant data to enable effective management of the reporting system that tracks website activity on ThomasNet.com domains. 

What You’ll Do, Day-to-Day … 

1. Assist the Web Analytics Manager with ad-hoc analysis by writing MySQL queries that will extract information from the data warehouse. 

2. Analyze data and create reports in a presentable format:
Retrieve appropriate data from the web analytics tool
Compile output and develop reports on Excel and Tableau
Write analysis (i.e. observations, insights, recommendations) based on compiled data
Produce weekly, bi-weekly and monthly Excel reports for management
3. Investigate significant changes in traffic on ThomasNet.com domains and identify the cause of the changes through investigation that will require the use of MySQL 

4. QA report tracking tags to ensure that tags that will be implemented on the site match the ones on the tagging documentation 

Requirements:
Minimum 1 year experience with databases such as MySQL (preferred), SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access, etc. and writing MySQL queries.
Must be able to write MySQL queries from scratch and create views on MySQL for Tableau
Must be able to create calculated fields, dashboards, and use MySQL views on Tableau
Minimum 1 year of practical experience with Excel. Must be highly comfortable with using vlookup, named ranges, pivot tables, macros, etc.
Minimum 1 year of practical experience with business intelligence tools such as Tableau (preferred), Microstrategy, Cognos, SAP, etc.
Experience with web analytics tools such as WebTrends, Google Analytics, Omniture, Tealium preferred
Knowledge of web analytics and/or experience with business reporting
Knowledge of web metrics (e.g. Visits, Bounce Rates, Page Views, Impressions, Clicks, CTR, CPC, etc.) highly preferred
Experience with web analytics tagging a plus
Knowledge of database and web architecture a plus
Excellent written and oral communication skills
College degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or Computer Science/MIS preferred
 Criteo (CRTO) delivers personalized performance marketing at an extensive scale. Measuring return on post-click sales, Criteo makes ROI transparent and easy to measure. Criteo has 2,000+ employees in 31 offices across the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, serving 11,000 advertisers worldwide and with direct relationships with more than 16,000 publishers.
 
Why work for us?
We are innovative, passionate, fearless, creative, driven, and adaptable.  Our core values are at the heart of who we are.  We have a spontaneous and vibrant culture, and we truly believe in team spirit and collaboration. 
100% premium coverage of Healthcare Plan. When apples aren’t enough
Competitive compensation. Be fancy
Career advancement with global mobility opportunities. A little bit of “Je ne sais quoi”
Vacation policy. Because your mom misses you
Happy hour, snacks, arcade/game rooms. Eat. Drink. Be merry
Travel & reimbursement options. Until jetpacks are a thing
401(k) fully vested matching. Basically free $$$
*Featured in Crain's New York Business Top 50 Best Places to Work in NYC (2012, 2013, 2014)

Check out a day in the life at Criteo!
 
Overview
 
The Strategic Initiatives team is constituted of dedicated and in-market resources focused on exploring and transforming ideas into market-ready solutions with two interconnected and bold ambitions: (1) Deliver on what clients consider missing pieces of our offering in order to drive more revenue and win more clients; and (2) Provide in-market support to internal teams to facilitate product innovation, partnerships and corporate development.
A Strategic Data Analyst on the Strategic Initiatives team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteo’s complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo’s birthing marketing solutions and also to develop market demand analysis, business cases, case studies. The person occupying this position will have an exceptionally broad view of every aspect of Criteo’s business with a regional focus on the Americas. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.
Criteo’s high-growth business model brings both opportunities and challenges. This position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate can function with minimal oversight and has a strong ability to learn new concepts quickly.
What will you be doing?
 
Maintain deep knowledge of Criteo products, technologies, and position in the marketplace
Analyze revenue, margin, CTR, conversion rates and other financial metrics related to Criteo clients
Present results as appropriate throughout the organization and to Criteo clients
Manage controlled AB tests from design, to execution, to analysis and presentation of results
Create and deliver client-facing analysis, including calls and in-person presentations
Study new market demands and establish forecasts in order to understand opportunities’ sizes.
Collect and transform revenue estimations from client-facing teams around innovative solutions to build internal-facing business cases aimed at making informed corporate decisions.
Create, maintain and own regular reports in support of the team, our business team and our clients
Conduct ad-hoc analyses as appropriate, including in-depth, data-driven reviews of Criteo’s performance for specific clients
Determine opportunities for automation using Tableau, R, Python, Pentaho, Kettle or any other technologies
 
What do we need?
Bachelor’s degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, etc.)
4-5+ years full-time, industry-relevant work experience
Conceptual and practical understanding of relational databases and data architecture/governance principles
Conceptual and practical understanding of statistics and real-world application of statistical concepts in a testing environment
Basic understanding of internet advertising technology (tagging, cookies, trafficking)
Understanding of digital marketing concepts (CPC, CTR, ROAS, etc.)
Strong intellectual curiosity and ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervision.
Native-level English fluency and the ability to present results to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to present and defend complex analysis both internally and externally
Must have the combination of technical skills, passion for learning, and an outgoing personality able to deal with strong characters in a dynamic environment
Exceptional attention to detail
Knowledge of SQL and Excel
Background in any of the following a plus:  Tableau, Vertica, Hive/Hadopp, SQL, SSRS, R, Python, Pentaho
Criteo, the global leader in scalable personalized retargeting solutions, is growing their U.S. Operation and looking for aggressive and motivated professionals with varying levels of experience to be an integral part of our continued success. 
 Director of Data Science
New York NY 
Newsela is a technology company that helps students build their literacy skills using daily news. Three years since our launch, Newsela is already in 70% of schools in all 50 states and over 180 countries. We are setting a new standard for what students and educators can expect of their software: gorgeous, intuitive, personalized, captivating and addictive.
As Newsela’s usage in classrooms all over the world has grown, so has our focus on using data-driven analysis and results across every area of our business in order to make us more efficient and effective in helping students learn to read.  Our first Director of Data Science will bring team leadership to our growing team of data professionals, technical leadership to our product development, and thought leadership across the entire organization, ensuring that our practices are innovative and collaborative.
You will be responsible for building a key function into a practice. You’ll provide our talented Data team with guidance and mentorship, bringing them to new heights. And you’ll enhance Newsela’s product features and functionality by providing our decision-makers with powerful data-driven results.
Your work will not only enhance Newsela and its products, it will immeasurably help teachers and improve student literacy around the globe. If you’re as excited as we are about making meaningful change in education and affecting the lives of children everywhere, Newsela is the place for you.
Responsibilities
Analyze student and teacher engagement using multiple signals, including assessment and user interaction data, to create predictive analytics of student learning and school purchasing decisions.
Build and maintain infrastructure for data storage and analysis.
Help communicate data to end users across the company so that it is accessible and actionable.
Work with other product teams to instrument new features for data collection.
Seek external validity between Newsela and real-world student literacy outcomes.
Manage both scientists and engineers working in an interdisciplinary environment.
Mentor your team and set the tone for data science at Newsela.
The Ideal Candidate
5+ years experience as a Data Scientist.
3+ years experience managing engineering teams that solve complex problems.
Demonstrated experience performing and applying research in a company setting.
Demonstrated programming experience in both academic and business environments.
Proven mastery of both Frequentist and Bayesian statistics.
Demonstrated ability to assess abstract data science problems and come up with creative answers.
Demonstrated experience with experimental design and the scientific method.
Proven expertise in:
Computational linguistics/Natural language processing
Machine learning
Database systems
Data visualization
A Few Plusses
Demonstrated experience doing high-level management in a startup environment.
Expresses opinions on data infrastructure and the best methods to store data.
 Director of Data Science
New York NY 
Newsela is a technology company that helps students build their literacy skills using daily news. Three years since our launch, Newsela is already in 70% of schools in all 50 states and over 180 countries. We are setting a new standard for what students and educators can expect of their software: gorgeous, intuitive, personalized, captivating and addictive.
As Newsela’s usage in classrooms all over the world has grown, so has our focus on using data-driven analysis and results across every area of our business in order to make us more efficient and effective in helping students learn to read.  Our first Director of Data Science will bring team leadership to our growing team of data professionals, technical leadership to our product development, and thought leadership across the entire organization, ensuring that our practices are innovative and collaborative.
You will be responsible for building a key function into a practice. You’ll provide our talented Data team with guidance and mentorship, bringing them to new heights. And you’ll enhance Newsela’s product features and functionality by providing our decision-makers with powerful data-driven results.
Your work will not only enhance Newsela and its products, it will immeasurably help teachers and improve student literacy around the globe. If you’re as excited as we are about making meaningful change in education and affecting the lives of children everywhere, Newsela is the place for you.
Responsibilities
Analyze student and teacher engagement using multiple signals, including assessment and user interaction data, to create predictive analytics of student learning and school purchasing decisions.
Build and maintain infrastructure for data storage and analysis.
Help communicate data to end users across the company so that it is accessible and actionable.
Work with other product teams to instrument new features for data collection.
Seek external validity between Newsela and real-world student literacy outcomes.
Manage both scientists and engineers working in an interdisciplinary environment.
Mentor your team and set the tone for data science at Newsela.
The Ideal Candidate
5+ years experience as a Data Scientist.
3+ years experience managing engineering teams that solve complex problems.
Demonstrated experience performing and applying research in a company setting.
Demonstrated programming experience in both academic and business environments.
Proven mastery of both Frequentist and Bayesian statistics.
Demonstrated ability to assess abstract data science problems and come up with creative answers.
Demonstrated experience with experimental design and the scientific method.
Proven expertise in:
Computational linguistics/Natural language processing
Machine learning
Database systems
Data visualization
 Indeed works when talented, passionate people come together to get a job done. Come help Indeed work. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers. 

How this department works:
How Technology Services Works. We are builders, we are integrators. We create and optimize solutions for a rapidly growing business on a global scale. We work with distributed infrastructure, petabytes of data, and billions of transactions with no limitations on your creativity. You don’t have to wait for some architect or manager to tell you what you can work on, you decide the priorities! With tech hubs in Seattle, San Francisco, Austin, Tokyo and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time. 

Position Summary:
How a Data Engineer works. 

As a Data Engineer at Indeed, your role is to deliver the information your business partners need to grow the business. You will assist business teams in drawing insights from our data. You are someone who wants to see the impact of their work and make a difference every day. You know what it takes to deliver quality reporting and business intelligence solutions to the organization. You understand the value and benefit of solid data practices and how to translate that into satisfied business partners. 

You are an experienced Software Engineer. You are skilled in extracting, transforming, and loading data. You are able to translate business requests into database design. You have experience working with Relational or NoSQL or columnar data stores for the purpose of generating Tableau data sources. 

You are someone who is passionate about data-driven approaches. You enjoy exploring large data sets and get excited about learning new technologies and learning in a collaborative environment. You are skilled at eliciting requirements from a wide range of different teams. 

Create and manage data sources
Integrate with Diverse APIs
Contribute to the ongoing development of the data warehouse ecosystem
Work closely with stakeholders on the data demand side (analysts and data scientists)
Work closely with stakeholders on the data supply side (domain experts on source systems of the data)
Build self-monitoring, robust, scalable interfaces and data pipelines for 24/7 operations.
Design and build optimized OLAP and Star Schema data structures
Create highly reusable code modules and packages that can be leveraged across the data pipeline
Develop and maintain data dictionary for published data sources
Develop and improve continuous release and testing processes
Elicit requirements from a wide range of different teams
About you:Requirements:
3+ plus years in corporate Data Engineering
Bachelor's degree in an Engineering discipline, computer engineering or computer science
Strong CS fundamentals and problem solving skills
Strong software engineering skills
Experience in one or more of the following: Python, Java, Javascript, Scala
Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders to define requirements
Strong SQL skills
Familiarity working with relational, or NoSQL, or columnar data stores
Familiarity with Javascript API, Rest API and Data Extract API
Ability to identify and resolve performance issues
Nice to haves: Matlab or R and Hadoop or Spark
Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. 
  Our Client is an established educational testing and global university that is building a platform that will save employers money through simpler benefits programs.  They allow their customers to help cut cost through online higher education that is personalized benefiting each student This opportunity will be working on creating highly engaging internal educational application through data analytics and science where you will get to be a part of an established and promising educational company with a startup culture.

This company is looking for a Senior Data Engineer to help develop data pipelines to ETL product data and developing the backend for real-time learning algorithms.  The platform that will be worked on will interact with their internal apps and devices for real time data streaming.  This opportunity is looking for a leader to drive a best in class team.  They are looking for someone who will work directly with executive teams of leading companies, with great visibility and growth within the company.
Required Skills & Experience
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering or related
3 - 5+ years of software development experience
Strong SQL experience working with large datasets
Proficiency in Scala, Python Ruby or Java
Experience with Spark is a plus
Experienced in NoSQL: Cassandra and/or MongoDB
Experience with AWS, EC2/S3 is preferred
Desired Skills & Experience
Experience building a data-processing pipeline is big plus
Experience developing large-scale distributed systems
Knowledge ofHadoop ecosystem a plus
Experience with development of REST based API's
Data Analyst 
Bark & Co. - New York, NY 
Can you give a pup belly scratches until you get carpal tunnel? Listen to squeaky toys until your ears bleed? We (and the world's dogs) are looking for you. Bark & Co. is a fast-growing business for people who love (*ruv) dogs. We're looking for a Data Analyst to join our team! 

RESPONSIBILITIES:
As a Data Analyst at Bark & Co., you will be responsible for analyzing Bark & Co’s rich and varied data set; Shipping data, customer profiles, product reviews, dog traits and financial data. We have a diverse dataset that allows for deep insights into our business. You will be responsible for organizing, standardizing and analyzing our data to tell deeper stories about our business; where we’ve been and where we should go. Specific responsibilities include: 

Own data modeling in Looker
Maintain a data dictionary that documents all data collected and defined at Bark
Write high-quality, performant, readable SQL with respect for best practices
Define and analyze how business requirements translate to data needs
Ensure users of Looker feel empowered to and capable of self-serving
Develop Looker training curriculum for new employees
Advocate with product and engineering teams for collection of the *right* data
Collaborate with cross-functional teams (product, marketing, finance, ops, happy, sales) to understand their business needs, produce insightful analysis and derive business insights
REQUIREMENTS:
We are looking for an exceptional data analyst with experience in the following areas to help us grow our business and to make dogs around the world happier. The quantity of your experience is not nearly as important as the quality of it. Project examples and actioned insights speak volumes to us. 

2+ years' experience in a SQL-intensive role, ideally in a BI/Analytics or data engineering/data science function
Demonstrated attention to detail and commitment to reporting accuracy
Demonstrated ability to learn-by-doing
Experience using data to advise or make business decisions
Experience designing and evaluating A/B tests and hypotheses tests
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Strong analytical skills
Ability to work with team members who are highly technical as well as those with little to no technical experience (especially with regards to data and statistics)
BONUS POINTS:
And as a rapidly growing startup, we recognize and encourage exploration outside of our comfort zones. If you have experience in the following, please bring it to our attention as we will certainly have more to talk about. 

Bachelor’s degree preferably in math, economics, engineering, or related
experience with Looker, Salesforce data, web marketing data, event tracking data, and Redshift
demonstrated statistical analysis and machine learning skills
Experience with ETLs, Python, spark, data warehousing concepts
ABOUT US:
Founded by Matt Meeker, Henrik Werdelin, and Carly Strife, Bark & Co. is a fast-growing company serving dogs and the humans who love them. We’re a company dedicated to the creation of products that foster the health and happiness of dogs everywhere. 

Today, Bark & Co. consists of several major properties:
BarkBox: A monthly subscription box of dog goodies.
BarkPost: Your daily dose of doggy news.
BarkShop: Spoil your pup with the very best.
BarkLive: The best doggone events in your area.
This position is fulltime salaried position (with equity) and on-site at our amazing new 2-floor office in Manhattan, New York. We offer health insurance for both you and your pup, 401k, wonderful team lunches, and a dog to pet anytime you wish.
30+ days ago - save job
- original job 
 POSITION SUMMARY
 
The Item Bank Data Specialist will work closely with other members of the Item Bank Team to maintain the integrity of the in-house item bank by following agreed upon processes. This includes, but is not limited to, performing data imports/exports, quality assurance and quality control, data entry processes, and item pool status.
 
The Item Bank Data Specialist will also perform needed maintenance tasks on the item pools as assigned by the Item Bank Managers and will collaborate with other members of the Item Bank Team and AD&D staff from other groups outside the Item Bank Team to ensure these tasks are completed in a timely manner. The Data Specialist will also produce reports (e.g., on item usages and pool status) using the tools available to them.
 
This position will also be responsible, in conjunction with other Item Bank staff, for the transmission and distribution of secure test materials between AD&D offices and external vendors and consultants. This includes proper storage and cataloging.
 
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES
 
Item Bank Maintenance
Import/Export of test materials including graphics, audio/video, text, metadata, statistics, usage history, test maps, test statistics, & test metadata.
Provide high-level analysis on system-generated reports intended to ensure system integrity.
Creation/set-up of system-generated reports based on requirements and specifications from other AD&D staff or Item Bank staff.
Creation and distribution of bank or pool status reports for Item Bank, Assessment, or Research staff.
 
Quality Control
Perform quality checks on import/export work done by other members of the Item Bank Team, such as through data verification, comparison proofing, spot checking, or by using external tools to validate information.
Review item workflow status for issues and resolve them under the guidance of the Item Bank Manager.
Perform other quality checks as directed by the Item Bank Manager.
 
Project Coordination
Coordinate component work streams of larger projects working directly with AD&D Item Bank Managers.
Communicate (oral and written) on the status of projects to relevant stakeholders as necessary.
 
Secure Materials
Collaborate with other AD&D staff to transmit, receive, and distribute secure test materials between external vendors/consultants and internal staff, including distribution of print copies to staff as necessary.
Collaborate with other members of the Item Bank team to organize and maintain AD&D secure rooms, including maintaining the catalog of materials, organization of the materials in the room, recording staff usage of the room, and secure distribution and tracking of the materials used for committee meetings.
Coordinate with AD&D staff in other offices to store and distribute secure materials.
 
 
PRINCIPAL RELATIONSHIPS
Internal Contacts:
 
Item Bank Managers, other members of the Item Bank staff, and teams across Assessment Design & Development
Staff members in Research
 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
 
A bachelor’s degree or equivalent education.
2 years of experience in project support. 
Computer literacy; Strong technical skills in using Microsoft Word, and intermediate knowledge of Excel and Access 
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Positive and cooperative attitude and strong interpersonal skills
Detail oriented/high attention to detail
Strong ability to effectively handle multiple tasks simultaneously 
Strong ability to effectively prioritize tasks with conflicting schedule requirements
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science,  Computer Information Systems, or other information management related areas
Experience using and supporting item banking or content management systems
Experience in the education field
Experience in project management processes
Strong knowledge and technical skills in using the full suite of Microsoft office applications
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Positive and cooperative attitude and strong interpersonal skills
Detail oriented/high attention to detail
Strong ability to effectively handle multiple tasks simultaneously
Strong ability to effectively prioritize tasks with conflicting schedule requirements
 

BENEFITS
We offer our employees an outstanding benefits package which includes 4 weeks of paid time off, a generous retirement savings plan, tuition reimbursement and ongoing professional development and training.
APPLY
If you are interested in joining the College Board in this position and you meet our qualifications, we encourage you to apply by visiting our Careers page at www.collegeboard.org/careers. Please search for the job title and submit your resume with a brief, introductory cover letter.
MISSION
The College Board’s mission is to connect students to college success and opportunity. We are a not-for-profit membership organization committed to excellence and equity in education. Among our best-known products are the SAT®, PSAT/NMSQT®, and Advanced Placement Program®.
The College Board is committed to diversity in the workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The College Board participates in E-Verify, a service of DHS and SSA, where required. Please understand that only qualified applicants will be contacted. This position will be subject to a background check.                         ASCAP is the intersection for capturing listening data globally, hundreds of billions of data points per year from dozens of sources. This is an unique opportunity to build and run models for not only what is happening today but will be happening in the music industry. We want you to use your imagination to create innovative products to help ASCAP better serve our writers and publishers. The Lead Data Scientist will work collaboratively to design the next generation of unique data capabilities on behalf of ASCAP members, licensees and executives. This media analytics thought leader will have a hands on track record of building analytics that predict the performance of assets, prescribes pricing and promotional strategies, predicts churn, performs micro-segmentation and analyzes social media signals. The Lead Data Scientist will be responsible for near and long-term advanced analytics roadmap, market positioning and competitive differentiation. 

Just a few of the things we want to model and predict 

Create unique models to explain and predict music popularity based on a diverse range of data
Predict popularity across platforms e.g. satellite, terrestrial and digital
Explain the social influencers today and who they will be tomorrow
Areas of responsibility/ accountability:
Lead the development of ASCAP's machine learning team and overall capabilities, including hands on experience with ensemble techniques, neural nets, random and boosted forests and NLP
Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods.
Communicate the data narrative to wide range of audience, including song writers, music publishers, performers and executives.
Experience 

Five years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist in a machine learning environment working with large amounts of data such as two hundred million rows and three thousand columns from several internal and external data sources.
Experience managing end-to-end machine learning pipeline from data exploration, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online testing with big data set.
Ability to design and develop automated advanced analytics work-streams is very important.
Masters degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields, with a minimum of two years of relevant experience (strong mathematical background with ability to understand algorithms and methods from a mathematical viewpoint and an intuitive viewpoint)
Skills 

Command-line scripting, data structures and algorithms, specific experience with Scala, Python and/or Java is a must.
Ability to implement, maintain, and troubleshoot big data infrastructure, such as distributed processing paradigms, stream processing and databases such as Hadoop, Spark and SQL.
Ability to design and develop automated advanced analytics work-streams is very important.
Masters degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields, with a minimum of two years of relevant experience (strong mathematical background with ability to understand algorithms and methods from a mathematical viewpoint and an intuitive viewpoint)
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is a professional membership organization of songwriters, composers and music publishers of every kind of music. ASCAP's mission is to license and promote the music of its members and foreign affiliates, obtain fair compensation for the public performance of their works and to distribute the royalties that it collects based upon those performances. ASCAP members write the world's best-loved music and ASCAP has pioneered the efficient licensing of that music to hundreds of thousands of enterprises who use it to add value to their business - from bars, restaurants and retail, to radio, TV and cable, to Internet, mobile services and more. The ASCAP license offers an efficient solution for businesses to legally perform ASCAP music while respecting the right of songwriters and composers to be paid fairly. With 500,000 members representing more than 9 million copyrighted works, ASCAP is the worldwide leader in performance royalties, service and advocacy for songwriters and composers, and the only American performing rights organization (PRO) owned and governed by its writer and publisher members. www.ascap.com 

Besides providing a unique and dynamic work environment, there are a few other reasons you should consider ASCAP in your career planning. We also offer generous benefit options that are comprehensive and provide the flexibility that most employees want and need. These health care and financial plan options include the following: 

A choice of either HMO or Point-of-Service (POS) medical and dental plans
Immediate eligibility for 401(k) participation with match
Generous time-off policy
Health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts
Long term disability insurance
Basic life insurance, supplemental and dependent life insurance options
Employer paid retirement savings program  
Machine Learning / Predictive Modeling / Statistics AIG is seeking world-class dynamic Data Scientists to join our Science team that drives transformational change through evidence-based decision making at the company and in the industries that AIG operates. • Are you a curious high performer? • Do you want to work on a team that values harmonious collaboration? • Is your desire to learn and reinvent? AIG Science is the hub for decision sciences at AIG. The Science team offers an excellent work environment that provides the opportunity to use cutting edge techniques, to engage worthy problems and to work with other world-class professionals. Position Summary Our ideal candidate should possess the following: • Very strong background in one or more computational areas (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Computational Linguistics) • Proven facility with multiple modeling techniques • Exceptional programming skills in one or more platforms • The drive to deliver on commitments and an openness to new ideas • Master Degree (Preferably a PhD) • 10+ years of relevant experience (will be flexed for exceptional candidates) 

Position Requirements: 
Responsibilities include but not limited to: • Understanding complex business challenges, designing scientific solutions, manipulating large data sets, using cutting edge machine learning or statistical modeling techniques and synthesizing insights • Building scalable solutions that create great business impact • Strong and effective communication (both written and verbal) with colleagues and business leaders • Continuously advancing your skills and those of others In addition, the ideal candidate needs to be familiar with the following techniques and tools, with an expert-level experience in some: • Expertise in one or more modeling/machine learning platforms as such as R, SAS, and Python • Experience with additional programming languages such as C++, Java, Matlab, Octave a plus • Classification methods (e.g., Neural Net, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, KNN, SVM, Random Forest) • Regression methods (e.g., Linear, Nonlinear, Boosted Regression Trees ) • Clustering methods (e.g., K-means, Fuzzy C-means, Hierarchical Clustering, Mixture Modelling) • Time-series Modelling/Forecasting (e.g., AR, ARMA, GARCH, Exponential Smoothing) • Statistical Analysis (e.g., Hypothesis Testing, Experiment Design, Hierarchical Modeling, Bayesian Inference) • Familiarity with common computing environment (e.g. Linux, Shell Scripting) • Knowledge about Big Data related techniques (e.g., Map-Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, NoSQL) • Advanced skills in SQL About Us: American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property-casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Property Casualty is a global market leader, one of the few truly global property casualty franchises. AIG Life and Retirement is one of the largest life insurance organizations in the U.S., and provides protection, investment and income solutions needed for financial and retirement security. United Guaranty Corporation is the marketplace leader in mortgage insurance in the U.S. Additional information about AIG can be found at www.aig.com 

About Us: 
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property-casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the United States.

AIG Property Casualty is a global market leader, one of the few truly global property casualty franchises.

AIG Life and Retirement is one of the largest life insurance organizations in the U.S., and provides protection, investment and income solutions needed for financial and retirement security.
The Lead Business & Data Analyst will be an individual contributor to the development, maintenance, and enhancement of the Enterprise Marketing Database, providing overall business knowledge to projects and support. This position will be assigned to many projects within the Enterprise Marketing Management Development group.  Under the guidance of a Lead Analyst, he/she collaborates with company customers, staff members, IT colleagues, and other stakeholders to define detailed customer requirements and system interfaces, assess available technologies, and develop and present solutions. The Lead Business & Data Analyst acts as an internal consultant, providing business process expertise and technical guidance on the most complex projects or researching strategic planning matters.
 
This position requires broad knowledge of data sources, data integration and data flow as well as a high degree of creativity and latitude, working at an in-depth level within a business area. The Lead Business & Data Analyst acts as the subject matter experts in the business areas
  
assigned, in terms of both business applications and business processes. The individual in this position should be familiar with project management techniques and possesses good communication skills.
 
The main challenge for the Lead Business Systems Analyst is identifying causes and implementing solutions to business problems in a multifunctional project, assessing and communicating issues of technology impact on the business. The Lead Business Systems Analyst must understand the procedures and expected system performance associated with the introduction of new information technologies, while seeking ways to collaborate with other IT members to facilitate transitions. He/she shares responsibility with other team members to ensure on-time, high quality product delivery.
 
 
 
Duties and Responsibilities:
 
•    Produce functional requirements and solution end-to-end database development in a BI
environment supporting SiriusXM’s Enterprise Marketing Management (EMM) solution
•      Leading, collecting and analyzing business requirements for large, multifunctional projects
•      Participating with other IT members, customers, and other stakeholders in new product reviews, tests, and pilots
•    Performing feasibility studies, translating requirements into an appropriate design
•      Identifying conflicting business practices and integration issues, suggesting alternative solutions
•      Fostering and maintaining good relationships with customers and IT colleagues to meet expected customer service levels
•      Document processes and mentor development staff through the software development lifecycle process
•      Work with BI Architecture and Innovations group to craft solution for data integration and business layer
•      Analyze new data sources for integration into SiriusXM’s EMM solution – structured/semi-structured and unstructured data from various sources in support of the electronic marketing management tools and other related systems
•      Work with BI Operations Tier I and Tier II teams to ensure control objectives are implemented for all data movement processes, implement change control for production data ,establish and follow proper incident management procedures
•      Ensure compliance with all applicable data privacy regulations and policies as they relate to both firm and client/contact data
 
 
 
Supervisory Responsibilities:
 
•    The person will not have supervisory responsibilities
 
 
 
 
Minimum Qualifications:
  
•      At least seven (7) years of experience with writing functional requirements, data warehouse experience required
•      Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related course of study required or equivalent work experience
 
 
 
Requirements and General Skills:
 
 
 
•    Solid experience writing SQL
•      Ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously and follow up on unfinished business
•    Excellent data analysis skills
•    Experience deploying self-service capabilities in campaign management and
Reporting/BI
•      Experience integrating marketing technologies with both internal and external data sources
•      Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities
•    Goal oriented and creative personality with good interpersonal skills
•    Ability to work independently and in a team environment
•    Ability to pay attention to details and be organized
•    Commitment to “internal client” and customer service principles
•    Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment
•    Willingness to take initiative and to follow through on projects
•      Excellent time management skills, with the ability to prioritize and multi-task, and work under shifting deadlines in a fast paced environment
•    Must have legal right to work in the U.S.
 
 
 
Technical Skills: Mandatory
•    At least 4 years in writing SQL
•    4+ years experience with Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server or similar database platform
•    Thorough knowledge of MS-Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
•    Experience implementing best practices for EDW development
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Bank") has a unique set of responsibilities that sets it apart from other financial institutions and even other Reserve Banks.  
The Compliance Function promotes sound policies and programs designed to mitigate the Bank from risk arising from a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulation, codes of conduct, standards or sound industry practice and to protect the Bank's reputation. 
 
Responsibilities:
Assume the roles of strategist, innovator and designer for data analytics and business intelligence for the Compliance Function 
Support business strategic objectives as they relate to improving and maintaining data analytics capabilities and discipline within the Compliance Function. 
Perform hands-on data analysis using a variety of tools,  ranging from writing SQL queries, leveraging reporting and business intelligence tools and techniques to perform advanced analytics 
Work directly with various customers in the Function and Bank to understand their business and help articulate requirements and architect solutions 
Inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science techniques in the Compliance Function and its customers where work intersects 
Work with members of the Function to develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, workflows, best practices and other issues 
Develop and maintain the Function’s strategies for implementation of business intelligence and data analysis solutions 
Participate in the research and evaluation of alternative solutions and make recommendations consistent with stated requirements and priorities 
Provide detailed analysis,  reports and dashboards to business areas to aid business stakeholder decision making 
Assist in the formulation and implementation of policies and procedures as they relate to compliance initiatives, practices and tools. 
Perform ad hoc analysis and assist on special projects.
Qualifications:
Minimum of 8 years of experience in a data-intensive role 
One to five years’ experience in compliance, banking/finance, or investigations. 
Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Science or a related discipline 
Experience performing data-driven business analysis in a business, rather than IT role 
Significant hands-on experience using business intelligence and analytics products 
Expertise in designing effective visualizations of analytics 
Proficiency in SQL and relational database modeling fundamentals 
Familiarity with database tuning and maintenance 
Strong familiarity with financial concepts and financial data 
Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate with both technical and nontechnical audiences at all levels within technical and business  
BTQ Financial is a fast-growing, dynamic, and entrepreneurial company providing a full range of financial management services to over forty not-for-profit agencies. By allowing these agencies to outsource their fiscal operations, BTQ allows them to focus on their core missions. BTQ’s clients cover the full spectrum of the not-for profit world, with an emphasis on social and human services providers. BTQ prides itself on delivering extraordinary, seamless, and confidential client service.
The mission of the BTQ Health Home Team in particular is to maximize the effectiveness of the New York State Health Home program and ensure the financial viability of Health Homes. This is achieved by managing patient data, managing finances, billing, and providing value-added reporting.
Position Description
The Health Home program is a NYS initiative for the Medicaid program to provide preventive care to chronically ill patients. A significant percentage of total Medicaid costs are spent on this subset of patients, a classic example of the 80/20 rule. The NYS Health Home program was created to control and mitigate these costs and ensure through proper care co-ordination that patients receive appropriate care and that state’s tax dollars are spent wisely. BTQ Financial works with many of the largest Health Home and provides the back-office support that they require. BTQ offers a comprehensive scope of services, many of which are provided through the BTQ Health Home Portal which was developed in-house specifically for this program.
The BTQ Portal has over 900 users and contains over a million records.
BTQ offers a range of services to help Health Homes, their participating Care Management Providers and their contracted Managed Care Organizations, to better manage their patient rosters and successfully navigate New York State reporting and billing processes. 
BTQ Financial is looking for 4 analysts to support its Health Home team. The objective of the position is to provide systems support, administrative support, and analytical support to the Health Home Team. 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Work with Data team to develop internal analysis and reporting dashboards
Perform scheduled data mining to identify issues.
Create internal reports to assist the team in analysis
Analyze current software system and recommend improvements
Assist in project management
Quality testing of system.
Create reports to be shared with clients
Update and maintain directory or databases
Qualifications:
In order to be successful in this position, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills and ability required.
Experience:  Prior experience (either professionally or academically) with data is a must.  Minimum 3.5 years of previous technical expertise regarding data models, database design, development, and data mining. Experience working with large team of people is a must. Prior experience with MS-SQL server is preferred
Software Skills: Advanced proficiency in MS Excel, Outlook and Word. Experience with MS-SQL, SSIS, queries and stored procedures are a plus
Communication & Interpersonal skills:  Must have the ability to communicate clearly in-person, via email, web conferencing and via the telephone.
Organizational skills:   Possess strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to document processes and procedures is a must.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. 

JP Morgan Intelligent Solutions (JPMIS) is a new group considering ways to transform the firm by leveraging modern technology and turning JPMC proprietary data assets into opportunities.  Protecting and managing intellectual property effectively as well as utilizing it to develop solutions that are both customized and scalable will enable JPMC to create additional shareholder value.   
  
JPMIS is currently driving a firm wide initiative to modernize and standardize the way the bank leverages its data through cutting-edge technology and analytics, and this role will be plugged into this highly visible effort immediately! 
  
The Data Architect will provide expertise and thought leadership in the design and standardization of a modern big data lifecycle for the firm.  This includes sourcing into a data reservoir, managing complex access controls and encryption methodologies, developing ETL processes, integrating modern end-user software, and streamlining data consumption by data scientists, reporting teams and operational applications.   
  
The individual should have an exceptional ability to evangelize and educate on the big data lifecycle design to data scientists, data management teams, and technology leaders across different lines of business.  This candidate will be responsible for developing roadmap, design and driving the implementation of the a well defined, controlled and unified view of how data is ingested, stored, secured, processed, tracked, monitored, and consumed in multi-tenant Big Data Environment.  

The ideal candidate will have hands on experience in data architecture and data management principles as well as hands on experience in full information lifecycle for large scale big data environments -- from data origination to data consumption. Specific responsibilities include: 

RESPONSIBILITIES:  
Take the lead on designing data architecture solutions in compliance with firm wide data management principles and security controls for a big data environment consisting of Spark, HBase, Kafka, Impala etc.
Determine the best mix of big data software solutions to streamline data flow for different business use cases and data discovery across the firm while maintaining strict access controls
Collaborating with technologists and data scientists to set up test plans and use cases to evaluate new Hadoop-native technologies for ETL, visualization, data science, discovery, etc.
Design the connection between the big data environments and metadata management/security platform to ensure efficient capture and use of metadata to govern data flow patterns and access controls across the firm
Analyze across multiple data domains and define strategies to reduce data redundancy, improve data availability, and accessibility by partnering with the technical teams and deliver a maintainable and reusable data architecture
Govern data decisions related to data model design, data access patterns, and data services.
Maintain the end-to-end vision of the data flow diagram and develop logical data models into one or more physical data repositories.
Document logical data integration (ETL) strategies for data flows between disparate source/target systems for structured and unstructured data into common data reservoir and the enterprise information repositories
Develop and maintain controls on data quality, interoperability and sources to effectively manage corporate risk
Define processes for the effective, integrated introduction of new data and new technology
Ability to think through multiple alternatives and select the best possible solutions to solve tactical and strategic business needs.


Qualifications
 
BS Degree in Computer Science or Engineering.
10+ years of hands on experience in Data Management/Data Architecture/Application architecture/Data Development.
3+ years of experience working with modern big data systems for data management, data architecture, security and access controls 
Experience managing data transformations using Spark and/or NiFi and working with data scientists leveraging the Spark machine learning libraries
Proficiency working within the Hadoop platform including Kafka, Spark, Hbase, Impala, Hive, and HDFS in multi-tenant environments and integrating with other 3rd party and custom software solutions
Solid expertise in data technologies; i.e., data warehousing, ETL, MDM, DQ, BI and analytical tools. Extensive experience in metadata management and data quality processes
Experience in integrating complex, corporate-wide processes and data models
Hands-on experience with dimensional modeling techniques and creation of logical and physical data models (entity relationship modeling, Erwin diagrams, etc.)
Relevant experience implementing data quality and master data management programs Experience in information intensive industries or digitally advanced enterprises
Experience in full life cycle architectural guidance
Advanced analytical thinking and problem solving skills
Strong interpersonal skills
PlaceIQ is a powerful, location-based audience and insights platform that organizes a wide variety of consumer activity data around a precise location base map at massive scale. PlaceIQ uses its detailed understanding of location and consumer activity to reach a targeted audience, and also to derive powerful insights about consumer behavior to inform market and business strategies for national brands. The company is headquartered in New York City and has offices in Palo Alto, Chicago, and Detroit. 
The Role:
PlaceIQ is looking for an exception individual who can explore data, identify insights relevant to our clients’ business needs, and present confident data-led narratives. As a Reporting Analyst you will work closely with our strategy, sales, and marketing groups to provide them with insights and analytics from PlaceIQ’s location analytics platform. You will interface regularly with our team of data scientists to uncover insights from advertising campaigns into coherent, data-driven narratives. Additionally, you will work with marketing and strategy to produce white papers, case studies, and other reports based on the movement of mobile devices in the real world contextualized by PlaceIQ’s locations analytics platform.
Responsibilities:
Explore PlaceIQ’s analytics stack and transform it into media strategies to aid the sales team in closing new business.
Build mid-campaign and post-campaign reports using XLS output from data science, identifying key insights, strategizing optimization tactics, and delivering the report to sales teams.
Work with the data visualization team to best present these analytics results to customers.
Present campaign reports to clients with the help of sales people, helping the client understand and value the delivered figures.
Support marketing staff by obtaining data and producing narrative for case studies, white papers, and other works.
Outline and build reports for public consumption, working with marketing to develop a narrative and telling a story using data.
Explore PlaceIQs real world location data to help answer questions for brands as we begin to create the consumer behavior analytics tool of the future.
Required Skills:
Excel mastery
Experience with Python, SQL, or R a plus
Client-facing presentation skills and experience
Ability to assemble data into a cohesive narrative, delivered via presentation or written document
Experience working within the digital media space.
Experience with mobile marketing or geospatial systems a plus

This position can be located in New York, NY.  Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer.
Salary/Equity compensation commensurate on experience.
We are looking for a rising sophomore, junior, or senior enrolled in an undergraduate degree studying applied mathematics or statistics. This is a for credit opportunity that will allow to learn and grow. We are a team of 5 based in NYC working to innovate the commercial real estate industry with the power of data.
Job Type: Internship
Job Location:
New York, NY 10016
Required education:
Bachelor's
Required experience:
Mathematics: 1 year
Statistics: 1 year
Programming: 1 year
At Enigma we are passionate about the transformative potential of data and are creating the next generation of tools to unlock this potential. Data science at Enigma covers an exciting diversity of topics and applications, from developing products with engineering teams, to data exploration for client consultations, to collaborating with public agencies to save lives. As a Senior Data Scientist with the Analytics group your contributions will reach the whole company. You will guide analytical projects from conception to completion with quantitative rigor and acuity. And you will not only work with our next-generation technology, you'll help shape this technology to solve real-world data challenges. 

The ideal person will enhance our team by combining analytical skills and business sense to develop data-driven products. This hybrid of data science and product development requires a talent for communicating and connecting with technical and non-technical collaborators alike. Ideally, you will have experience bringing data products to market on a tight timeline, where “market” might include commercial settings, open source contributions, or collaborative research. We value data scientists who can quickly implement elegant solutions to complex problems. While you are excited by cutting-edge methods, your fascination with these technologies does not distract you from straightforward solutions. Not least, you should share our enthusiasm for using public data to support better decisions at all levels of government and enterprise. 

What we look for:
PhD or equivalent experience in a data-intensive discipline
Ideally 2+ years of professional or volunteer experience
Self-starting leadership experience and entrepreneurial initiative
Strong statistical skills and familiarity with machine learning techniques, and the ability to clearly convey complex concepts with plain language
Demonstrated ability to produce high-quality, product-focused, scalable analysis on tight timelines
Fluency with analytical programming, including libraries for cleaning, reshaping, exploring and visualizing data; 2+ years experience with R or Python preferred
Creative and versatile problem-solving skills
Familiarity with contemporary business practices such as lean product development
Attention-to-detail balanced with ability to prioritize
Experience with any of the following is desirable: entity resolution, natural language processing, information retrieval, graph databases, streaming analytics
Our Story:
Founded in 2011, Enigma grew out of an effort to retrieve, normalize, and host public data. Fun fact, our big coming out party was winning TechCrunch Disrupt's 2013 Battlefield. 

Our vision is to empower people to interpret, and improve, the world around them. We place data in the context of the real world and make it connected, open and actionable. Enigma has one of the world’s largest repositories of public data and a powerful infrastructure for operationalizing data in the enterprise. We help global-scale companies tackle some of their hardest problems by driving public data and enterprise ontologies in mission-critical workflows. 

Along the way, we have accumulated expertise from centralizing and connecting billions of public records and built powerful enterprise infrastructure for data ingestion, exploration, linking, and delivery (all of which is used internally). 

Enigma is a rapidly growing team based in the Flatiron neighborhood of New York City. We are Series B funded startup backed by an amazing roster of investors including NEA Ventures, Two Sigma Ventures, American Express Ventures, and The New York Times Company.
Imagine being able to access 1,000s of brands from one location anywhere you go. And then pair this idea with beautiful design, curated content and amazing customer service. Well, this is Spring: we're taking the idea of a 24/7 marketplace and using this platform to enable brands and consumers to connect in new ways. 

We're a mobile first company that cares about design, about delighting our customers (brands and consumers) and about building great products. Started in 2013, Spring has quickly become known as the place to shop... and we've seen this in our rising number of users and brand partners. We currently have 85 employees and have big plans for growth. 

Spring's Engineering & Product team is a key driver for our success: this is a team that moves fast, gets new products and features into the hands of end users and is constantly thinking about how to optimize existing processes. Data Science sits on the E & P team and works closely with Software Engineers and PMs. We have a varying degree of experience on the team: some engineers have more mobile and some have more server-side expertise, some are junior and some have 15+ years of experience. 

Data Science influences many areas of Spring: it helps us measure the success of existing features, it informs our product roadmap, it impacts our marketing and customer success efforts, and much more. You'll have the opportunity to ask hard and interesting questions like "Why do customers buy more products on a Monday?", "How does a change to this feature affect user behavior?", "We don't currently collect or report on a certain metric....should we?" And if you are engineer or have inclination to learn, you'll have the opportunity to work with the dev team to ship features. 

This role will report to our Lead Data Scientist and will help increase the overall bandwidth of the team. 

Data Science does many different things here. Any week might have you working on: 

Gathering and processing raw data at scale (including writing scripts, web scraping, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.).
Working closely with our engineering team to integrate your amazing innovations and algorithms into products.
Processing unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis – and then do the analysis.
Supporting business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed.
Using AWS and EC2 extensively, so experience with scalable cloud computing infrastructures is a positive.
You should have:
Strong knowledge of and experience with statistics; potentially other advanced math as well. Preference for candidates with 2+ years using these skills in a professional environment
Programming experience, ideally in Ruby, Python or R, but we are open to other experience if you’re willing to learn the languages we use.
Deep knowledge in data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, or information retrieval.
Experience processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data. MapReduce experience is a plus.
Enough programming knowledge to clean and scrub noisy datasets.
Spring is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
24 days ago - save job
- original job 
Intersection is seeking a Software Engineer with some specialty in Machine Learning to engage in production development projects and prototyping/POCs on client projects. We are looking for candidates who have explored Machine Learning in production environments, and who are able to use a variety of technologies in the web, mobile, desktop, cloud and related tech spaces to create amazing user experiences. An ideal candidate would be capable of balancing good engineering practices with selecting the most useful ML algorithms to solve specific problems. Such a candidate would also be expected to work in an agile process to regularly deliver incremental improvements. We utilize test driven development and have a strong commitment to code quality, scalability, and resiliency. A passion for excellence and a positive attitude are required. 
Skills we are looking for include experience in NLP, Computer Vision-based ML, Neural Networks (specifically experience with Tensorflow), and a create approach to ML problem-solving in the real world.
Responsibilities: 
• Work with designers, engineers, and product leads to create innovative solutions 
• Suggest and implement the optimum ML solutions 
• Help develop frameworks and platforms for ML internally and for clients 
• Assist other Software Engineers in understanding the utilizing effective ML 
• Integrate proprietary libraries and open source software into existing systems 
• Creating and improving system architecture for high scalability 
• Create integrations with third party services and external APIs 
• Provide technical insight to the business development staff when needed
Required qualifications: 
• Professional programming experience with more than one of the following: Python, Java, Javascript, Scala, PHP, HTML5/CSS, Android, iOS, 3rd party integrations, database (SQL/NoSQL), Node.js, Cloud computing: AWS or Google App Engine, Computer Vision, Machine Learning/Data Science 
• 4-6+ years of professional software engineering experience 
• Extensive experience working with functional and object-oriented programming 
• Experience applying software engineering design patterns 
• Strong proficiency with algorithms and data structures 
• A track record of solving problems and getting things done 
• Proven ability to effectively work with team members and business stakeholders 
• Strong written and verbal communication 
• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical -- Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university or 4-year college is required. Focus on ML in CS or post-CS degree is required.
Desired Skills: 
• Strong Experience implementing ML production systems 
• Experience owning whole systems and not just parts 
• Experience designing distributed systems 
• Experience working in a test-driven environment
About Intersection:
Intersection is a technology and media company committed to improving the urban experience at the convergence of digital and physical worlds.
Our unique set of assets focuses on leveraging emerging trends in technology to improve the quality of life in cities as well as create products to grow and develop businesses. With 12 offices, media in 60 markets, and 500+ people across the United States, we carry expertise in:
Technology & Innovation
Engineering
Design
Advertising & Media
Strategy
Data
Our work spans across a variety of markets in cities, government, mass transit, airports and airlines, cultural institutions, retail, and telecommunication providers.
Intersection is the lead company behind LinkNYC, the largest and most advanced public Wi-Fi and street furniture network in the world. By providing up to 10,000 communication hubs for City residents and visitors with free public Wi-Fi, access to communications, information, and municipal services across the City, Intersection aims to create an array of solutions to help make cities around the world more livable and connected.
Intersection is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
This is an opening to fill a Data Scientist consulting position for Enterprise Security Platform
The ideal candidate would have hands on experience in developing machine learning algorithms that delivered significant value to the business preferably in Enterprise Security and/or Financial services.
The resource will be developing algorithms to detect anomalies in access of firms resources.
This includes detecting anomalies in accessing firms systems from external connections as well as inside the firewall by insiders.
The resource will be a hands on developer using languages such as Scala, Perl, Python and MLLib of Spark.
The consulting engagement will consist of a discovery phase to ascertain the projects with maximum potential and a development phase to deliver that value as well as transition the knowledge required for Brokerage to perpetuate that value.
Knowledge of current trends in Big Data frameworks and Data pipeline architecture is preferred.
Hands-on knowledge in Data Science and Statistical concepts, hands on excellent development skills in Spark, Python, Perl, hands on knowledge on Hadoop file system
Required experience:
a hands on developer using languages such as Scala, Perl, Python and MLLib of Spark: 3 years
hands on experience in developing machine learning algorithms: 2 years
Knowledge of current trends in Big Data frameworks and Data pipeline architecture: 2 years
Data Science and Statistical concepts: 3 years
Founded in 1921, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey builds, operates, and maintains many of the most important transportation and trade infrastructure assets in the country. The agency's network of aviation, ground, rail, and seaport facilities is among the busiest in the country, supports more than 550,000 regional jobs, and generates more than $23 billion in annual wages and $80 billion in annual economic activity. The Port Authority also owns and manages the 16-acre World Trade Center site, where the 1,776-foot-tall One World Trade Center is now the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere.
Description
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey (PANYNJ) Tunnels, Bridges & Terminals Department’s Revenue Collection Group is responsible for collecting all revenue owed to the Port Authority of New and New Jersey for vehicular travel across our bridges and tunnels, through various tolls, fees and penalties. This group supports PANYNJ’s financial policy and service performance standards for the E-ZPass Customer Service Center. To help facilitate these efforts the Tunnels, Bridges & Terminals Department’s Revenue Collection Group is seeking a Business Analyst to assist with maintaining our ongoing revenue collection and violations program at 4 WTC, located in New York City.
Responsibilities
Reporting to the Program Manager of the Revenue Collection (E-ZPass Operations), the selected candidate will support the toll collection program with specific responsibility for compiling evidence to support the requests for vehicle suspension of persistent violators, coordinating with the collection agency, law firms, and the other agencies in the NY Customer Service Center. The selected candidate will also assist with processing accounts for PA employees and retirees. In addition, the selected candidates will assist with maintaining revenue collection metrics to track the effectiveness of the program. More specifically, the candidates will be responsible for but not limited to the following duties:
Assist with the compilation of all supporting documentation for vehicle suspension of persistent violators through the New York Department of Motor Vehicle (NY DMV) registration suspension. This includes running reports, researching accounts through Vector and Crystal Reports, identifying discrepancies and escalating with the contractor, compiling research and requested information, and summarizing and certifying information.
Assist with processing E-ZPass applications and the reimbursement requests for retirees.
Assist with the processing of E-ZPass Special Exceptions Forms for oversized trucks.
Qualifications
Must possess Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Transportation, Planning, Management, Business, Finance, Computer Science and/or Public Administration, or a related discipline from an accredited college or university
1-2 years’ relevant work experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Access, Excel and Word
Strong research, analytical and organizational skills * ; Ability to gather data, perform process analysis, and provide recommendations
Preferred skills: 
Experience in toll collection industry or call center contracts
Minimum Education/Experience: 
Bachelor's Degree and 1-2 years related experience
Salary range : $48K — 52K commensurate with experience.
Job Type: Full-time
Job Location:
New York, NY
Required education:
Bachelor's
Required experience:
Business Analyst: 2 years
AdTheorent is a mobile ad network engaged in real time bidding to reach the ideal audience for each advertising campaign. We are looking to hire a talented Machine Learning Engineer with diverse background, creative expertise, and technical acumen who will offer new perspectives and challenge conventions. Experience in advertising or real time bidding is a plus. The job will involve improving operational efficiency within data science team, building automation pipelines for some existing processes, building Redshift tables and Hadoop/Spark cluster to power data scientists, managing large cluster of machines. This is an exciting opportunity for a skilled professional (junior or senior) to apply engineering skills to work within a very fast-growing industry and work alongside with talented data scientists.
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Engineering, IT or another relevant technical field (B.S. M.S. or Ph.D.)
Experience developing data infrastructure and tools and familiarity with current large-scale data processing technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Pig, Hive)
Strong software engineering skills and substantial experience in Python and Java
Experience with AWS services, EC2, redshift, EMR
Experience with python celery, boto, psycopg2, flask/django etc. Knowledge of numpy, pandas is a plus.
Experience with Linux Systems and Network Administration
Familiar with both traditional SQL databases and No-SQL databases (such as Redis, mongodb, OrientDB/Neo4j etc)
Experience with Docker, git, Scrum/Agile methodology is a plus
Basic knowledge of popular machine learning algorithms is a plus
We are looking for someone who can leverage/develop innovative machine learning and data mining technologies, for solving novel and diverse sets of problems across linear and digital TV Integrated Marketing and Social Media.
The Data Scientist will participate in the analysis, development and launch of all new data strategy products. This position supports the development of data product strategies into tactical plans and will assist in coordinating and managing initiatives throughout the product launch.  The Data Scientist assists in developing long-range strategy and studies products for future needs and applications.
The Data Scientist will deal with large-scale data sets with intensive hands-on code development. In addition, this role will be responsible for the following:
Predictive Modeling.
Collect, process and cleanse raw data from a wide variety of sources.
Transform and convert unstructured data set into structured data products.
Identify, generate, and select modeling features from various data sets.
Train and build machine-learning models to meet business goals. Innovate new machine learning techniques to address business needs.
Performance Attribution Modeling: Owning and advancing existing proprietary models that identify connections between linear and digital T.V. conversions, and the corresponding media drivers. Working closely with the account teams to assess the challenge, discuss the possible solutions, and execute a plan.
Analyze and evaluate performance results from model execution.

Basic Qualifications 
Must have experience managing end-to-end machine learning pipeline from data exploration, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online testing with TB to Peta bytes size data sets.
Strength in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Pattern Recognition, Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing, and Search Ranking.
Knowledge and experience managing and analyzing TV (Nielsen, TiVo, Rentrak), and Social Media data.
Strong experience with Big Data (min 4 years of hands-on experience working on TB to PB scale datasets)
Dataset experience in document, graph, log data, and semi-structured data.
Experience innovating and implementing novel ML techniques.
Experience using all these ML techniques: clustering, regression, classification, graphical models, mixture models, topic models, and matrix factorization.
Advanced statistical methodology, data mining, Bayesian networks, probabilistic models; software package and coding (R, SPSS – advanced, Java, Octave/Matlab - basic). Techniques: multiple, linear and logistic regression, ANOVA, MANOVA, factor, discriminant and cluster analyses, multidimensional scaling, PCA, ICA, SVM; Data cleaning, munging, organizing.
Expert in Excel, proficient in a statistical software package (R).
Highl skilled in accessing data from relational databases (SQL, Python).
SQL, Tableau or similar data visualization tools and SiteCatalyst required. Experienced with Teradata, MS SQL SSAS, Aster, Hadoop, and testing tools.
Highly skilled / certified with Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics.

Additional Qualifications 
PhD in Computer Science, Machine Learning or Statistics desired.
Web development skills a plus.
Self-driven individual who can take a high-level problem and see it to completion.
Knowledge of distributed computing solutions, and ability to leverage them towards gaining faster insights from data.
Knowledge of T.V. buying process, metrics, and data sources including Nielsen, Rentrak, and, familiarity with T.V. buying platforms is a plus (Core).
Your best friend. Your dad. That lady down the street. That quiet kid in school. That loud kid in school. That dude in accounting. That hipster in the flannel in Brooklyn. Crisis Text Line is for everyone. Crisis Text Line is free, 24/7 support for those in crisis. 

OUR PRINCIPLES *

We fight for the texter. Our first priority is helping people move from a hot moment to a cool calm, guiding texters to create a plan to stay safe and healthy. *
We believe data science and technology make us faster and more accurate. See our Founder’s TED talk for more scoop on how we’re using this stuff. *
We believe in open collaboration. We share our learnings in newsletters, at conferences and on our blog. And, we’ve opened our data (the largest dataset on mental health in the U.S.) to help fuel other people’s work. 
The Data Scientist's role at Crisis Text Line is to support staff in making smarter decisions through data. This is a business intelligence position, meaning the goal of data collection, storage, and analysis is to improve Crisis Text Line’s ability to support people in crisis.The Data Scientist's day-to-day role is to analyze large and fast moving data sets to inform (1) product iterations and pivots, (2) organizational strategy, (3) how CTL shares data. A successful candidate will possess strong skills in data analysis, wrangling, and visualization. Most importantly, they should have passion for sharing data with non-technical staff. Ultimately, data must drive behavioral change. 

I. Reporting (60%) *
Manage ad hoc reporting requests using MySQL, R, Python, and/or Google Spreadsheets to support funding, product evaluation, and organizational strategy. *
Automate recurring reports by working with the tech team and product owners. Chant “ETL” while doing so. *
Share insights with staff and users in ways that drive data-informed behavior change. 
II. Analysis (30%)*
Write reusable scripts and queries in MySQL, R, or Python to analyze products. *
Identify anomalies and opportunities for growth in relation to our Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). 
III. Research (10%)*
Gather research from relevant (1) organizations, (2) journals, and (3) industry. *
Design automated data collection systems to evaluate products (including what metrics to look at); work with the tech team and product leads to implement. *
Design surveys and A/B tests. 
Requirements
: * Advanced computer skills. Excel/Google Spreadsheets is a must; familiarity with one or more of the following: R, Python, MySQL, or similar. * 
A business perspective. I.e., you believe that value is more important than truth. (Pure truth takes too long.) Your favorite data quote is “No models are true, but some are useful.” * 
Healthy skepticism. When someone asks for a report, you ask, “what’s the business question you’re trying to answer?” When you find data independent of methodology, you have an allergic reaction to the data. * 
A storyteller. You believe an insight is only as good as the actions taken because of it. You’re excited to get out of the “data cave” to share data stories with staff. * 
No degree necessary. Ben Franklin didn’t have any degrees. You don’t need to either. But we expect you to be as good a scientist as Ben Franklin. 

Hudson Data is a data science solutions firm specializing in big data and predictive modeling factories. Through the application of machine learning techniques and highly advanced algorithms, Hudson Data solves some of the most challenging business problems faced by data driven enterprises. Our office is headquartered in downtown New York City, near Wall Street. 

One of our leading insurance client is looking to fill as position in Data Science with expertise in survival analysis. The details are as follows: 

Responsibilities: *
From day one, you execute and think *
Balance independent and collaborative problem-solving *
Leverage analytics experience to build predictive models and promote data-driven solutions *
Communicate findings and hypotheses to both technical and non-technical group members 
Requirements
: *5+ years of analytics experience *MS or PHD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research or another quantitative discipline *Experience in developing predictive models using regression techniques: linear and logistical regression, GLM *
Good to have experience in machine learning techniques like Random Forest and Gradient Boosting *
Experience working with scalable machine learning platforms: SkyTree and/or H2O *
Proficient in at least one of the two programming languages: SAS, R, python *
Strong presentation and communication skills *
Not required, but nice to have experience in other languages: Python, Java, C++, MATLAB, SQL, Excel Pivot Tables
Backend Data Engineer
We are recruiting on behalf of our client located in NYC. In search of a Senior Data Engineer for a full time position. If interested, please apply. No Brokers Please.
As a Backend Engineer on the Data Team you will have the opportunity to tackle the scale challenges of coding pipelines that can handle ETLing a 1+ TB flood of data every day. Our stack includes both realtime and batch data processing and is all hosted in AWS.
In this role, you will:
Build data oriented products to provide our publishers with tools to increase engagement and thoughtful analytics needed to understand how their videos are being watched.
Crunch overall video network data to gain insights.
Work with Data Scientists to process video data in ways that are meaningful for our publishers. This includes everything from implementing sophisticated related video recommendations to automating the classification of the videos in our network.
Collaborate with a talented team of other engineers, data scientists, & product managers in an agile engineer environment where you build fast, fail fast, and fix fast.
Requirements
Experience: 5 years’ relevant experience.
Experience working with coding languages and technologies that can deal with Big Data. This includes knowledge of some of the following and a willingness to learn the others: Python, Java, Kafka, Hive, Hadoop/MapReduce, Storm, Avro/Parquet, Relational & Column Store databases, MongoDB/NoSql, Elasticsearch, etc.
Scale is something that excites you and you have dealt with before. When you build a data pipeline, you are confident it will work just as well in a dev environment as it will in a prod environment dealing with 100x the amount of data.
Comfortable working in a Cloud environment, ideally AWS. The DevOps team is here to help you, but you should prefer collaborating with them as opposed to just throwing environment challenges over the wall to them.
Obsession with code quality. Whether it's pure unit tests, integration tests, or both, you know you are responsible for your code working correctly and can easily validate this with tests that can be hooked into a CI environment.
Enjoy working with other engineers. You recognize there are multiple ways to engineer a solution and feel a code review is a chance to share knowledge, not judge others' code.
B.S. or higher in Computer Science or comparative experience engineering experience.
At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But it’s more than that. It’s smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another.

Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. You’ll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. You’ll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, you’ll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous.
 
The Advanced Analytics Group reports into the North America Distribution Analytics & Insights organization as a new function driving business value through the use of internal and external data, predictive analytics and data science. The group focuses on providing cutting edge data and analytic solutions which will be used to support sales and marketing efforts within North America Distribution. 
 
Based in New York or Los Angeles, as a Senior Data Scientist, you should be experienced with and passionate about using data to drive business strategy, tactical program recommendations and identify new areas of ROI through the use of the firms data assets. You are a self-starter with a high degree of rigor, organization, and discipline to get things done. You are able to communicate as effectively in delivering complex data-driven findings across the distribution group. The ideal candidate is an independent, solution-oriented thinker with a strong background processing huge data sets, applying analytical rigor and statistical methods, and driving toward insights and solutions.
 
Responsibilities:
Leverage data to solve strategic, tactical, structured, and unstructured business problems 
Analyze advisor, investor and economic trends that impact sales/marketing/business performance and recommend ways to improve outcomes
Create the capability to study and analyze structured and unstructured data, data from multiple internal and external sources to enable pattern seeking and analysis
Create a pattern recognition process by identifying and integrating internal and external sources of information, analytical tools, and data management and manipulation tools.
Perform complex data manipulation and analytics, while working with business functions to identify and to respond to complex technical and business problems.
Develop statistical forecasting models
Design experiments to answer targeted questions.
Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and senior managers

Qualifications:
Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Computer Science, Econometrics or related field. Master’s degree highly preferred.
4+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact.
Passion for learning and innovating new methodologies in the intersection of applied math / probability / statistics / computer science.  Proficient at translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework.
Expertise in predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining algorithms. Must have knowledge/experience in some/all of the following: Multivariate Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, Bagging, Boosting, Decision Trees, Lifetime analysis, common clustering algorithms, Optimization, Stochastic Processes. 
Ability to make intelligent approximations of mathematical models in order to make them practical and scalable.
Proficiency in at least one statistical analysis tool such as R, SAS, and SQL.
Experience with distributed databases and query languages like Hive/Pig/Sawzall and/or general map reduce computing is a plus. 
Knowledge of common data structures and ability to write efficient code in at least one language is a plus (preferably Java, C++, Python, or Perl).
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners.
 
Company Overview:
Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the world’s largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers. 
About Our Client
This firm is a leading Banking and Financial Services corporation.
Job Description
Extract data from data stores, profile data and decipher the data quality. It is important to ensure that the quality of data being used for various analytical efforts is very high.
Build and manage metadata (data dictionary) for a wider audience. This would assist non-technical auditors to understand the data analytics artifacts.
Build visualization analytics to present scenarios from the data; paint the big picture for management reporting on potential risks and incorporate the ability to drill down to the lowest level while doing root cause analyses
The Successful Applicant
Basic Qualifications:
Degree in Computer Science, Business or Financial Services
Experience with SQL programming, preferably in Sybase and MS SQL
Excellent communication skills (written and oral). Ability to communicate what is relevant and important in a clear and concise manner
Drive and Motivation. Ability to handle multiple tasks, takes initiative to improve their own performance
Experience with any visualization tool (Spotfire, Qlikview or Tableau) will be an added advantage
LINUX/UNIX System Administration

Squarespace has access to incredibly rich data sources of both content creation and user behavior. We’re looking for creative people with analytical minds and machine learning experience to transform these datasets into a better experience for our users. This role reports to the Team Lead in New York. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

Design and implement machine learning solutions for recommendation and classification with a focus on NLP
Work on expanding and growing our machine learning platforms to large datasets and new problems
Collaborate and communicate with various teams across the organization both technical and non-technical to help evangelize correct implementations of machine learning
Commitment to continuous improvement, evaluation and automation of tasks to maintain a high standard of quality
Translate complex business problems/needs into elegant software solutions
QUALIFICATIONS 

M.Sc. or Ph.D. in Computer Science with a focus in Machine Learning or related field preferred
Experience implementing machine learning systems at scale in Python or similar (not just R or Matlab)
A great communicator able to both recognize and implement data science applications with a high business value
Experience with a large scale data processing tools such as Apache Spark
Research or advanced experience with NLP and/or user behavior
Passionate about data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation
Creative with new challenges and prototyping
About Squarespace 

Squarespace provides creative tools and services to help anyone build and manage their brand online. For more than a decade, we’ve empowered millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs building the world’s most iconic businesses — to take control of their online presence like never before. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, Squarespace sets the new standard for modern publishing. 

Squarespace’s team of more than 500 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about ( http://www.squarespace.com/about ). 

Perks 

Health insurance with 100% premium covered
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Equity plan
401(k) plan with employer match
Free lunch and snacks
Dog-friendly workplace
And more ( http://squarespace.com/about/careers )
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
26 days ago - save job
- original job 
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc., (Nasdaq: AFSI) headquartered in New York City, is a multinational insurance holding company, which, through its insurance carriers, offers specialty property and casualty insurance products, including workers' compensation, commercial automobile and general liability; extended service and warranty coverage. For more information about AmTrust, visit www.amtrustgroup.com, or call AmTrust toll-free at 866.203.3037.  
Position 
Data Analyst  
Location 
NY, New York  
Description 
The Data Analyst will be an independent professional working on multiple assignments simultaneously to develop, execute and maintain data analytics that will support the Internal Audit and Sarbanes-Oxley (“SOX”) programs.  Duties Include but are not limited to:
Design, extract, normalize, analyze, review and automate analysis for Internal Audit and Sarbanes-Oxley teams using enterprise available databases and data warehouses, extracts and data mining tools, which will require coordinating closely with business.
Design, develop, maintain and communicate visual dashboards.
Design and develop ad-hoc analysis based on provided requirements.
Identify and use appropriate investigative and analytical technologies to interpret and verify results.
Assist the Internal Audit and SOX teams to identify transaction flow gaps, design flaws and data integrity issues.
Maintain databases and related programs in a thorough and efficient manner.
Keep up to date in new approaches to data analytics.
 
Open Date 
1/12/2016  
Position Requirements 
Experience working with data warehousing, programming, data mining, software design and project management activities.
Strong ability to independently and proactively initiate projects, hypothesize business transaction flows and fraudulent scenarios.
Excellent communication skills – written and verbal
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to multi-task.
Ability to interpret business requests as well as communicate findings in a user-friendly manner.
BS/BA degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Accounting, Business, Finance, Economics, Statistics or related field. 
Requires 2 to 5 years data analysis experience.
The Operations Data Quality Manager role is responsible for fielding, identifying, communicating, investigating and resolving data issues and inquiries, both upstream (from raw retail feeds) and downstream (from published data), as well as standardizing and documenting procedures and establishing defined protocols. The role requires close coordination with contacts across other internal departments, including other Operations teams, IT, Product, Retail Business Group and Research Sciences. The ideal candidate has experience managing both processes and people in a technical and data environment. Some travel may be required.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Managing, executing, and supporting production, data issue/inquiry protocols and enhancements
Managing a team of individuals based remotely and in multiple NPD locations
Understanding, evolving and overseeing the core data quality processes
Evaluating and approving data for validity and impact on deliverables
Recommending and implementing changes that will improve quality and/or decrease timing
Monitoring and communicating data errors
Responding to internal and external data inquiries
Assisting in the development and maintenance of training materials, and process documentation
Enforcing process standardization
Qualifications
BA/BS or equivalent
Minimum 5 years experience in an analytical role
Minimum 2 years experience in a people management role
Knowledge of consumer market trends and habits
Ability to think conceptually and analytically
Strong attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical audience
Strong problem solving and decision making skills
Improvement mindset
Understanding of data collection methodologies
Understanding of data analysis and interpretation
Ability to multitask and meet strict deadlines
Advanced MS Office is required
Knowledge of SAS Enterprise Guide a plus
Embraces teamwork and possesses ability to effectively work cross-functionally
Highly detail oriented, strong commitment to timely execution of tasks
This position is based in Port Washington, NY.
Discipline
The ideal candidate will be competent in managing their time and activities. Candidates must possess a "can-do" perspective in their professional attitude. They will be detail oriented and demonstrate a strong work ethic. They will be sticklers for accuracy in their own work as well as their colleagues. They will be ready to back up their assertions with facts.
The NPD Group, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran stat us
Job Type: Full-time
Required education:
Bachelor's
Required experience:
Analytical: 3 years
Data Integrity: 3 years
$200,000 - $220,000 base salary + performance related annual bonus + benefits
A unique and hugely exciting opportunity has arisen to join one of the world's most prestigious and successful management consulting firms as a Chief Data Scientist. With occasional-to-regular travel expected, you will progress to lead a team of data science consultants at varying levels with diverse skill-sets. You will create a platform to build-out an Insurance function within the Global Data & Analytics practice, whilst reporting to the practice leader, with the realistic goal of becoming a Partner inside two years.

THE COMPANY:
One of the leading professional services organizations globally, with a suite of clients spanning across multiple industries including Insurance.

THE ROLE:
Essentially you will be the focal point for Insurance within the Global Data & Analytics practice, advising clients on go-to-market strategies for their latest products and services, as well as all things 'data science' relative to their business.
You will lead a team of data science consultants including man-management, project management, generating and executing analytical strategies and adopting a hands-on approach to data science and analysis.
You will be expected to recruit data science consultants and mentor those within the team, guiding with best analytical practices.
Your finger will be firmly on the pulse relating to changes in cutting-edge technology, ensuring your business function remains at the very forefront of the industry.
Leading new technology evaluations for predictive and statistical analytics will also be a vital part of your remit.

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in Statistics, Maths, Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent educational or professional qualifications.
Essentially you have a depth of experience within the global Insurance domain relative to data science consultancy, managing projects from conception to delivery, including internal and external stakeholder management skills as well as managing team members.
You must have a strong track record of leveraging data analytic methods within Insurance and experience with large data-sets to create data-driven insights through predictive and prescriptive analytic models.
Substantial experience with data analysis software, managing and delivering on major projects. As a result you must have substantial experience in data mining, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms.

THE BENEFITS:
A highly enticing base salary of $200,000-$220,000, plus a performance related annual bonus and leading employee benefits.

HOW TO APPLY:
Please register your interest by sending your résumé via the' Apply' link on this page.
Hudson Data is a data science solutions firm specializing in big data and predictive modeling factories. Through the application of machine learning techniques and highly advanced algorithms, Hudson Data solves some of the most challenging business problems faced by data driven enterprises. Our office is headquartered in downtown New York City, near Wall Street. 
This position is for a data science instructor that will lead training for predictive modeling and evaluation. We have full-time and part-time positions available. 

Requirements:
MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research or another quantitative discipline
Expert in Machine Learning algorithms, probability, statistics, and ML libraries
Fluency in Python, R, SQL, UNIX utilities, AWS, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Minimum of 3 years of industry experience in machine learning and data science, or relevant academic experience
You are an enthusiastic educator that is eager to inspire the next generation of data scientists, and facilitate a dynamic and collaborative learning environment
Lead student engagement outside of class, and mentor student through independent data science projects
The Weather Company, an IBM Business, is seeking a DevOps Engineer to be a key member of an agile, highly-skilled, results-oriented team of developers and Data Scientists. As a DevOps Engineer, you’ll be automating our environment setup and developing infrastructure as code. This position provides endless career growth using emerging technologies including Cloud, Distributed Computing and Big Data & Analytics.
 

You are passionate about provisioning and automation. You take pride in assisting and educating data scientists and engineers with building data driven systems.

 

About you:
Creative, quick learner, problem solver, and team player.
Passionate about a culture of learning and mentoring others.
Enjoy challenging yourself to constantly improve, and share your knowledge.
You care about solving big, systemic problems and are comfortable with decomposing complex problems with data.
Enjoy looking beyond the surface to understand root causes to build long-term solutions.
Country
United States 
State / Province
NEW YORK 
City / Township / Village
NEW YORK 
IBM Business Group
Analytics 
Primary job category
Software Development & Support 
Secondary Job Category
Other Software Development & Support 
Role ( Job Role )
Software Engineer 
Employment Type
Full-Time 
Contract type
Regular
Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Required Professional and Technical Expertise

 

BS Computer Science or other relevant technical degree and/or related experience.
Distributed Systems
Python
Bash
Cloud-Computing Architecture
Hadoop Ecosystem
Spark
Linux
Automation
Production Deployments and Monitoring
Capacity Planning and Performance Tuning
Preferred Technical and Professional Experience
Bonus Points:

You know how to balance production-grade (low-level) code versus speed (high-level) within a JVM or functional programming paradigm as needed
Ability to solve any ongoing issues with operating the cluster
Experience with Java or Scala build systems: maven, ant, sbt and gradle.
Experience with dev-ops for automating and improving the operability of large clusters
Experience with Monitoring and Tuning Production Spark Jobs
Eligibility Requirements
Requirements

 
2 - 4 (1-2) years of experience building infrastructure in AWS or other cloud providers.
A strong desire to automate manual processes.
Knowledge and experience in automation: (prefer: Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Salt etc.)
Experience working as a System’s Administrator in Linux Environment
Hands-on experience managing distributed systems and clusters
You have experience with filesystems, cloud architectures, and performance tuning
Aetna's Data Science team is focused on delivering strategically-impactful products to our internal customers, by building analytically-based solutions that integrate a wide range of internal and external large datasets within a cutting-edge Hadoop parallel-processing environment. We are currently seeking a Director of Analytics.
 
Position Summary: The successful candidate will have Consultant background working in a fast-paced environment working as part of the larger Data Science team. This is a wonderful opportunity to be part of a new and expanding team, with plenty of exciting opportunities for visibility with senior stakeholders across the organization. The position will report to the Executive Director, Enterprise Analytics within Aetna’s growing Data Science organization. 

Responsible for the successful development and delivery of analytical product solutions to meet strategic, enterprise business needs, leading project teams with a varying mix of technical and business resources, depending on product lifecycle stage. Accountable for customer satisfaction, business value creation, and prioritization of overall team activities to meet delivery objectives and solution-area metrics (in conjunction with business partners, executive sponsors, and Data Science workstream leads). 

Own senior-level stakeholder and executive sponsor relationships; required to translate technical DS solutions into terms understandable by less-technical business partners and support with integration of DS products / recommendations into day-to-day business processes across the Aetna enterprise to ensure downstream value creation.

Fundamental Components: 
· Sets appropriate metrics for the product / solution area, in conjunction with DS leadership and other executive project sponsors. Proactively suggests additional adjacent areas of focus and / or intervenes to redirect broader team activities on those areas that drive the solution area toward delivery of the most desirable end outcomes for the Aetna enterprise.
· Directly manages workstream leads, both technical and business, to ensure timely and quality deliverables.
· Responsible for commitments to quality products and timely delivery that meets expectations of cross-functional customers and executive sponsors.
· Oversees the design and application of statistical research and custom analysis of integrated healthcare and market data, interprets results, and makes recommendations based on analytical findings to business areas in support of healthcare business initiatives that drive short- and long-term objectives.
· Makes recommendations about data collection methods, metrics definition, and analytical evaluation methods, in collaboration with internal and external partners.
· Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and helps ensure the data integrity; assists with defining and validating processes for data cleansing, integration, and transformation.
· Oversees the execution of algorithms, statistical models, and reporting tools that answer applied research and business questions for internal and external clients. 
· Ensures the ultimate transformation of analyses into business / customer solutions, using a range of tools, including data visualization software (Tableau), PPT / in-person presentations, action plans, integration of solutions with other enterprise systems and /or process workflows, etc. 
· Oversees the development of project plans, research study designs, and timelines; participates in Agile project management activities (backlog development, story prioritization, daily scrums, etc.)
· Able to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrently, by maintaining a personal and team focus on activities that drive business value generation.
· Stays informed about industry trends, research findings, and evaluation methods.
· Shows willingness to understand and probe into technical details. 
· Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals.
 
Background/Experience: 
· 8+ yrs of overall Consulting business experience, with 3+ years of either direct or indirect people management. 
· 5+ yrs of executive client-facing experience (internal or external), demonstrating excellent written and verbal communication skills and reliable executive presence.
· 3+ yrs in a big data environment; 3+ years of healthcare sector experience; healthcare claims experience preferred.
· Programming knowledge/experience and 2+ yrs using either: R, SQL, Hadoop, SAS, or other languages.
 
Education:
· Bachelor’s degree minimum, Master’s degree higher level education preferred. 
 
 
 
Additional Job Information:
Aetna continues to build a world-class Data Science organization to capture data, understand context, generate insights and react in real time. We engage our business partners, providing solutions to improve the consumer experience, increase efficiencies, and optimize health outcomes for our members through leveraging cutting edge technology. 
 
Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.

We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.

Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
 At Animoto we believe that everyone should have the power to create professional-quality videos. To get there, our approach has always been about bringing in the smartest and most passionate people who care as much about our product as they do about each other.
Animoto is looking for a data-driven Software Engineer with a focus on analytics and data warehousing. You are highly analytical, ask the right questions, and are a true self-starter. You will be the “reality expert” for Animoto, helping leadership across functions translate their products and questions into actionable metrics, analysis, reports, and recommendations. In the role of Data Engineer, you will be responsible for architecting, designing, and developing Animoto.com’s data infrastructure to support the wide variety of application and analytical needs. We want someone smart, quick, and creative: an engineer who will dig deep into the system and find various ways to improve it; who has not only an understanding of how web technologies work today, but where they are going in the future.
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Design and implement data systems
Design and implement dimensional data models and systems that scale
Partner with product, engineering and analysts to explore structured and unstructured data to leverage business insights
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR:
BS in Computer Science or related engineering field
Solid experience in both high level (ruby, python) and low level
(java, scala) languages
Experience with Splunk or other elastic search tools
Familiarity with big data toolsets such as Hadoop, ETL tools, and BI tools
Excellent analytical skills to deliver meaningful and impact-driven insights using big data
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, collaborative, high growth startup environment
Communication skills an absolute must
WHY JOIN ANIMOTO?
A Powerful Product. We are a New York based tech company that strives to help users share their lives using the magic of video. We have over 7 million users, both consumers and businesses, a web-based video editor, mobile apps, and integrations with various partners like Shutterfly.
Great team and career opportunity. Animoto is a seasoned and professional team of business leaders, engineers, and entrepreneurs. With the team under 100 people, we are small enough for this role to work across all areas in the company and to make a huge impact but established enough to offer guidance along the way and the support you need to do your job.
Great benefits. Great salary, equity, 15 days of Paid Time Off, paid Holidays, 401k, 100% paid medical, dental and vision (for you and your family), Flexible Spending Account, TransitChek, paid volunteer day, fully stocked kitchen, upgraded Amazon Prime and Spotify accounts, and full use of the crockpots for the chili cookoff!
We actively seek diversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education and ways of thinking. We aim to build an inclusive culture where differences are used to inform better marketing and business decisions. Animoto is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer.
Specific Title: Data Manager (Professional Research Staff)Division/Department: Institute of Human Development and Social Change
Reports to: Professors Cybele Raver and Clancy Blair
Work Location: New York University, Washington Square Campus 
Work Schedule: Full time 
Pay: $47,500/year
Benefits Eligible: Yes
General Summary: 
Seeking qualified applicant to work full-time as Data Manager for Drs. Clancy Blair and Cybele Raver at the Neuroscience and Education Lab (NEL). This position would be responsible for data coding, cleaning, and analysis across all lab projects and oversee all staff, students, and interns involved in data entry, coding, and cleaning.
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities include oversight and active involvement in all stages of data management: organizing incoming data, creating datasets, coding video-based measures, cleaning quantitative data, assessing data quality, preparation of datasets for analysis, and data analysis using a range of analytic approaches, as well as management of other personnel assisting with these tasks. The Data Manager will work closely with Drs. Blair and Raver, postdocs, interns, project staff, and graduate students. Regular reports on data descriptives, assistance with preparation of data for publications, conference posters, and symposiums, and ongoing organization of data files will be expected. Opportunities for participation in publications, conferences, and professional training possible. 
Qualifications: 
Bachelor degree in statistics, psychology, or related social science field. M.A. preferred. Former research experience on comparable projects and quantitative data analysis using statistical software is required. Candidates should be comfortable working in a fast-paced team-oriented environment and communicating with a wide range of individuals at all levels of the research team and the University.
Candidates must have strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and analytic skills, as well as experience managing a team and extensive experience using SPSS statistical software, including syntax. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, ability to carry complex research tasks to completion, and ability to efficiently manage fast-paced work are required. Commitment to collaboration and strong ability to translate research findings and consider next steps in an analysis are desired.
Apply: 
Please submit a cover letter and CV to Aida McNabb aa1744@nyu.edu. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.
New York University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. New York University is committed to a policy of equal treatment and opportunity in every aspect of its hiring and promotion process without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy or childbirth (or related medical condition), sexual orientation, partnership status, gender and/or gender identity or expression, marital or parental status, national origin, ethnicity, alienage or citizenship status, veteran or military status, age, disability, predisposing genetic characteristics, domestic violence victim status, unemployment status, or any other legally protected basis. Women, racial and ethnic minorities, persons of minority sexual orientation or gender identity, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply for vacant positions at all levels.
As a leading management and technology consulting firm, Acumen Solutions offers a range of challenging and rewarding opportunities whether you’re just starting out in your career, looking to advance your career, or seeking a senior leadership position. Acumen Solutions employees are ambitious, committed, passionate problem solvers. If you are up to the exciting challenge of the innovative, service-oriented field of consulting, we encourage you to view our open position.

We are looking to grow our team and currently have entry to manager level opportunities for a Data Analyst in the New York City location.  
 
Specific Duties
 
Specialize in collecting, organizing, and analyzing data from various systems
Develop an in-depth understanding of the interrelationships of data and multiple data domains
Create thorough documentation artifacts and maintain same for duration of project
Identify and document data migration paths and processes
Maintain industry/technical knowledge base and facilitate/maintain industry relationships
Demonstrate commitment to providing customer-focused quality service
Support assigned systems through transition period
Perform other duties as deemed relevant based upon experience to fulfill customer needs
Develop and perform standard queries to ensure data quality, identify data inconsistencies, missing data and resolve as needed
Standardize data naming, data definitions and modeling
Perform data extraction, storage, manipulation, processing, and analysis
Collect, profile, collate, and map appropriate data for usage in new or existing solutions as well as for ongoing data analysis activities
Interpret Customers functional and information needs and turn them into functional or data requirements, process models, etc.
 
Desired Skills and Experience
 
Must be willing to travel (35-50%)
Must be authorized to work for any U.S. employer
1-5 years of demonstrated experience in data analysis, data manipulation, and decision support
Knowledge and application of relational database concepts
Experience or exposure to Extract/Transform/Load (ETL) and/or Business Intelligence
Strong SQL skills
Skilled at completing technical design via iterative mockups
High proficiency in MS Office Suite (esp. Word and Excel)
Openness to learning new skills and software as necessary
Demonstrated ability to manage simultaneous work flows while maintaining quality output and meeting deadlines
Demonstrated ability to learn new and exciting technologies with little assistance Preferred Experience
Experience with ETL tools and procedures (any tool)
Prior experience working in the Cloud
Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated ability to communicate at different levels of the organization
Ability to perform ad-hoc analysis and maintain clear and comprehensive documentation of decision-making, data preparation, and processes
 
Critical Skills
 
High aptitude in analytical and logical thinking
Demonstrated experience with data models and data mapping
Experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML), including Entity-Relationship Diagrams (ERD), Sequence Diagrams, and Data Flow Diagrams (DFD)
Understanding of XML, SQL, Data Modeling Language (DML), and Data Definition Language (DDL)
Strong communication skills, both written and spoken
Demonstrated ability to produce highly detailed, comprehensive documentation artifacts
Client-focused attitude
High-level knowledge of enterprise IT organizational, business, and technical environments
Ability to analyze processes and recommend improvements as needed Education and Certification
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, Mathematics, or other related scientific or technical discipline with two (2) or more years of experience related to this position
Relevant IT certifications preferred     
 
Benefits

Acumen Solutions offers the opportunity for growth and advancement, as well as a competitive base salary, annual performance based incentives, medical benefits & 401k.

About Us

Acumen Solutions is the trusted leader in Enterprise Cloud Transformation, helping organizations realize dramatic improvements in productivity and profitability through innovations in business and technology.  Industry and government leaders including American Express, Comcast, McKesson, the US Army, and the US Securities and Exchange Commission rely on our global consultants to deliver cloud solutions that yield exceptional results.  We apply this same focus on results to our unparalleled social responsibility program, generating sustainable impact across our local communities.
Razorfish is one of the largest interactive agencies in the world and currently has more than 2,000 employees in 20 offices in seven countries (Australia, China, France, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) focusing exclusively on digital marketing and technology. Each office is filled with opportunities for people who want to invent the digital future. It's a big challenge, but it's a big Internet, and there's work to be done. 
We are seeking an entrepreneurial Analytics Director to join our rapidly growing Data Sciences (DS) team. 

Job Description: 
DS is a custom analytics, research and consulting team that delivers data driven strategic marketing insights to our clients. Each member of the team is aligned to one or more clients and works closely with other DS team members, our clients and colleagues across other disciplines such as: Client Management, Search, Media, Strategy, User Experience and Technology.
Summary
Directors manage successful client delivery, team strategy and management, and foster industry-leading capabilities. Directors own the analytics relationship and manage the team for large Tier 1 clients or a portfolio of smaller clients. 

Responsibilities: 
Job Specific
Manage a team performing analyses such as: advertising performance analysis, website analytics, customer segmentation, survey design and analysis, ROI modeling, lifetime value analysis, cross channel analysis, media mix analysis and brand research
Create measurement strategies, learning agendas and roadmaps with input from internal stakeholders
Package deliverables in an articulate and easy-to-understand fashion with a clear storyline that addresses client business needs
Understand the client's business, develop innovative approaches to solve their questions and present deliverables in a compelling manner that articulates their business value and impact
Maintain positive, collaborative partnerships with key internal stakeholders and clients
Exhibit strong analytical, project management, storytelling and communication skills
Partner with Business Development to identify opportunities for business growth and development across new and existing accounts
 
Management/Leadership
Lead a team and manage its performance to deliver quality and timely deliverables
Clearly define project deliverables, timelines, and dependencies for junior team members, internal stakeholders and clients
Provide leadership to local and national DS by driving DS initiatives, elevating the work, providing training, knowledge sharing and best practices
Empower direct reports to own their client relationships and projects and to contribute to the success of the DS team and Razorfish
Recruit and retain high performing individuals
Provide thought leadership internally and for clients
Author white papers, POVs and other industry thought capital and attend and speak at conferences
Showcase subject matter expertise in a domain such as mobile, performance marketing, ecommerce, web analytics or social

Qualifications: 
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree, MBA or Master’s degree in quantitative studies. The equivalent combination of education, training and work experience may be suitable
8-15 years of work experience in a quantitative business environment
5+ years in marketing analytics
SKILLS requirements
Passion for digital analytics, working with data and deriving insights to answer client business questions
Experience leading and delivering marketing analytics engagements
Strong knowledge of the digital space and digital analytics including the vendors and testing methodologies and approaches
Previous leadership experience and a proactive nature
Strong communication and client service skills with CMO level roles and has the ability to explain complex concepts to diverse audiences
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
Comfort with working in and contributing to a team based environment
Management and mentorship of junior employees
Understanding of client's business models and how Razorfish can create custom solutions to support them
EXL (NASDAQ:EXLS) is a leading operations management and analytics company that helps businesses enhance growth and profitability in the face of relentless competition and continuous disruption. Using our proprietary, award-winning Business EXLerator Framework™, which integrates analytics, automation, benchmarking, BPO, consulting, industry best practices and technology platforms, we look deeper to help companies improve global operations, enhance data-driven insights, increase customer satisfaction, and manage risk and compliance. EXL serves the insurance, healthcare, banking and financial services, utilities, travel, transportation and logistics industries. Headquartered in New York, New York, EXL has more than 24,000 professionals in locations throughout the United States, Europe, Asia (primarily India and Philippines), Latin America, Australia and South Africa.
 
EXL Analytics provides data-driven, action-oriented solutions to business problems through statistical data mining, cutting edge analytics techniques and a consultative approach. Leveraging proprietary methodology and best-of-breed technology, EXL Analytics takes an industry-specific approach to transform our clients’ decision making and embed analytics more deeply into their business processes. Our global footprint of nearly 2,000 data scientists and analysts assist client organizations with complex risk minimization methods, advanced marketing, pricing and CRM strategies, internal cost analysis, and cost and resource optimization within the organization.  EXL Analytics serves the insurance, healthcare, banking, capital markets, utilities, retail and e-commerce, travel, transportation and logistics industries.
 
Please visit www.exlservice.com for more information about EXL Analytics.
 
Role Overview: 
Analyze very large data sets in real time databases and develop/implement mathematical approaches to solve critical business objectives
Build/use statistical predictive models to evaluate scenarios and make predictions on future outcomes in order to solve highly complex business problems and support decision making
Provide strategic thought for the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. 
Act as the analytic subject matter expert for highly complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring to junior team members
Liaison and build relationships with the client to support organization goal

Responsibilities: 
Lead development and execution of highly complex algorithms and statistical predictive models
Determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes
Establish analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses
Manage highly complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation & testing
Apply in-depth knowledge of systems and products to consult and advise on additional efforts across organization/enterprise
Provide thought leadership and direction for analytic solutions, tools and studies
Anticipate and solves strategic and high risk business problems with broad impact on the business area by applying leading-edge theories and techniques to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions 
Provide guidance to develop enterprise-wide analytics strategy and roadmap
Interact with client and internal management to share highly complex information/solutions related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology/ business solutions.

Qualifications: 
Master/PhD degree in economics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, operations research or related areas is preferred; candidates with BA/BS degrees from the top tier academic institutions with significant work experience are also welcome to apply
6 - 10 years of progressively complex related experience 
Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling
Comprehensive knowledge on health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products
Expertise in innovating and implementing novel machine learning techniques
Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources
Superior skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and external health care environment
Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form
Strong organizational, management and leadership skills 
What we offer:
EXL Analytics offers an exciting, fast paced and innovative environment, which brings together a group of sharp and entrepreneurial professionals who are eager to influence business decisions. From your very first day, you get an opportunity to work closely with highly experienced, world class analytics consultants.
You can expect to learn many aspects of businesses that our clients engage in. You will also learn effective teamwork and time-management skills - key aspects for personal and professional growth 
Analytics requires different skill sets at different levels within the organization. At EXL Analytics, we invest heavily in training you in all aspects of analytics as well as in leading analytical tools and techniques.
We provide guidance/ coaching to every employee through our mentoring program wherein every junior level employee is assigned a senior level professional as advisors.
Sky is the limit for our team members. The unique experiences gathered at EXL Analytics sets the stage for further growth and development in our company and beyond.
The fastest growing Big Four professional services firm in the U.S., KPMG is known for being a great place to work and build a career. We provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.
KPMG is currently seeking a Data & Analytics Senior Consultant – Microsoft Big Data & Analytics, to join our New York office, with other locations considered.

Responsibilities:
Assess, capture, and translate complex business issues and requirements into a structured analytics use case, including rapid learning of industry/domain/client dynamics and development of effective work stream plans
Utilize a hypothesis-driven problem-solving approach to design, construct, and rapidly test/iterate exploratory analyses that will reveal insight and opportunities for the client
Deliver client analytics project work stream through direct ownership of data ingestion, validation, mining, and engineering, as well as modeling, visualization, and client communication deliverables (on more advanced projects, will work with data science, big data, and visualization experts)
Build analytics solutions using variety of big data technologies and analytics tools as required by the client, and create robust documentation of solutions and underlying design decisions and operating procedures
Support project leaders in tracking and communicating project risks, budget, rates, and launch/closeout activities, including the administration of work papers and collaboration sites 
Proactively broaden and deepen client relationships by working with varying levels of client team members
Qualifications:
Minimum of four years of data analytics experience with a professional services firm, an internal strategy/analytics group, or similar environment 
Bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative field from an accredited college or university (master’s or MBA degree preferred) with working knowledge of topics such as statistics, econometrics, machine learning, operations research, decision science, and cloud computing
Demonstrated analytics solution design and build expertise, work stream management skills, strong business consulting acumen in applying advanced analytics to solve business issues, and knowledge of business operational, process, delivery, and revenue models
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain technical concepts and analytics-driven findings to business people, and to explain business processes, concepts, challenges, and issues to technical resources; ability to travel up to 80%

KPMG offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG, an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.
Can you give a pup belly scratches until you get carpal tunnel? Listen to squeaky toys until your ears bleed? We (and the worlds dogs) are looking for you. Bark & Co. is a fast-growing business for people who love, (*ruv) dogs. We're looking for a Head of Data and Analytics to join our team. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

As the Head of Data and Analytics at Bark & Co., you will be responsible for setting Bark’s data strategy and managing its rich and varied data set. Data drives all parts of our business; from the products we design, the content we create and the events we hold. Your role will be to manage a team of analysts that make all business teams smarter by giving visibility into what drives their businesses. Specific responsibilities include: 

Envision, build and execute a multi-year strategy and plan for analytics at Bark
Grow and lead a talented team of analysts
Proactively work with product, operations, merchandising and marketing teams to deliver business insights
Define and track success metrics across the company
Govern the data dictionary / schema; make sure we are tracking the right data that provide insights into key business problems
REQUIREMENTS 

We are looking for an exceptional data analyst with experience in the following areas to help us grow our business and to make dogs around the world happier. The quantity of your experience is not nearly as important as the quality of it. Project examples and actioned insights speak volumes to us. 

You have a strategic business mind, but you’re also able to dive into the technical implementation of our data collection with the engineering and data science team.
You’re equal parts product analyst, business analyst, data scientist, and analytics leader
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to ask the right questions to identify business challenges and objectives, analyze data, draw conclusions, and develop insights that are both meaningful and actionable.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to motivate and develop staff, as well as to train, mentor and delegate effectively
BONUS POINTS 

And as a rapidly growing startup, we recognize and encourage exploration outside of our comfort zones. If you have experience in the following, please bring it to our attention as we will certainly have more to talk about. 

Experience with advanced statistics and analytics (e.g. LTV models, attribution modeling, predictive modeling)
Experience with Looker and Redshift
Qualitative research experience
About Us 

Founded by Matt Meeker, Henrik Werdelin, and Carly Strife, Bark & Co. is a fast-growing company serving dogs and the humans who love them. We’re a company dedicated to the creation of products that foster the health and happiness of dogs everywhere. 

Today, Bark & Co. consists of several major properties:
BarkBox: A monthly subscription box of dog goodies.
BarkPost: Your daily dose of doggy news.
BarkShop: Spoil your pup with the very best.
This position is fulltime salaried position (with equity) and on-site at our amazing new 2-floor office in Manhattan, New York. We offer health insurance for both you and your pup, 401k, wonderful team lunches, and a dog to pet anytime you wish.
30+ days ago - save job
- original job 
At Citi, we believe in using the power of modern engineering technologies and practices to improve people’s lives. Increasingly, with the adoption of smart phones and watches and the cloud-based computing solutions that back them, individuals carry their compute capabilities on their person allowing them to manage the transactions that make up their lives in the moment and as they see fit. Our mobile first banking strategy was established to ensure that we embrace this change, leap frogging traditional banking paradigms to drive the creation of the bank of tomorrow. No mean feat. To advance this change, we’ve spun up a couple of internal initiatives, Agile Citi and Citi FinTech, aimed at demonstrating how independent teams using best of breed technical platforms, development tools and techniques can significantly reduce the time it takes to move from definition to production while increasing product quality, table stakes for solutions that operate in the world of personal finance. Agile Citi is a dramatic re-envisioning of traditional monolithic mainframe banking systems leveraging best of breed open source cloud computing capabilities to create functionally discreet micro services. Established as a startup in late 2015, Citi FinTech is the internal future-forward competitor designed to ensure that our customers always have the very best capabilities the financial industry has to offer available at their fingertips by creating an ecosystem of collaborative financial web services. At Citi, we believe in the bank of tomorrow. And we believe ruthless backlog prioritization, incremental delivery and short-interval scheduling are the tools that will take us there. 

We are searching for a certain kind of person who is excited by the idea of owning; people who like to build new platforms, features and services from scratch and are comfortable managing the ambiguity. 

As a member of the Innovation Lab you will have to opportunity to work with a team of highly motivated, T-shaped, smart individuals whose daily job is to think out of the box and look for disruptive opportunities with a commercial benefit. You will learn about the business and technologies that make Citi hum, giving you exposure to new and existing methodologies and systems and the opportunity to work with multiple teams around the globe. Working within the senior leadership team of the innovation network you will be highly visible across the Citi. You will have access to Citi’s executive management team and be exposed to newly released and upcoming technologies with the ability to positively contribute to the strategies of the business. 

Role responsibilities: 
• Provide expertise in big data analytics, data mining and regulations surrounding data transport. 
• Demonstrate high judgment early in the problem analysis phase to assess fit and likelihood of success. 
• Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers and predictive models using models, algorithms and approaches appropriate for the problem. 
• Ability to be effective in all phases for product development from inception to delivery. 
• Create / contribute to the creation of new innovation project proposals including the socialization with stakeholders, the creation of business cases, cost and revenue projections. 
• Ability to execute on multiple concurrent initiatives and projects of varying sizes and complexity. 
• Effective upward and downward communication on all notable progress to all key stakeholders. 

Qualifications

• Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Math, or related disciplines, with a strong publication record or demonstrable record of delivery. 
• Self-sufficient with experience in experimental design and early development activities to validate/invalidate ideas. 
• Capable of analyzing and manipulating data with proficiency in SQL and NoSQL environments. 
• Solid and proven background and experience with Python, R, C/C++, Java or Scala for large scale data analytics. Not only R or Matlab. 
• Assesses, with the business, opportunities to enhance the qualification and assurance of the information to strengthen the use case. 
• At least 2 years’ experience in machine learning at large scale and in production. 
• At least 2 years’ experience in data analytics, statistical programming, and data mining. 
• At least 2 years’ experience tackling problems involving Big Data, e.g., using the Apache Spark / Hadoop stack. 
• Adequate presentation and communication skills to explain results and methodologies to non-technical stakeholders. 
• Experience in the financial industry and analyzing customer behavioral data is a plus.  
• A minimum of 5 years’ experience in a similar role (Senior Data Analysis, Data Scientist ….) 
• Experience working with innovative and emerging technology. 
• Exceptional candidates who do not meet these criteria may be considered for the role provided they have the necessary skills and experience
Q is building an operating system for the built world, backed by a comprehensive technology and service platform. Today, hundreds of companies in four cities trust Q to make their offices run better. We handle everything from catering to IT, to cleaning, plumbing and office supply management. In short, we make it easy to run an office.
We also believe that creating good jobs is fundamental to our success. We treat all of our employees well — from software engineers to office cleaners. We know that 5-star service comes from talented, motivated people.
This position requires a unique combination of SQL skills, communications skills, and business savvy.  You will meet with teams across the organization to understand their needs, and then use your SQL skills to ensure their needs are met by Looker.  You’ll be responsible for ensuring consistent definitions of key terms: the definition understood by the organization should match the definition in SQL.  You will work with the teams to ensure they use Looker to correctly access the data that you’ve made available.  As you gain a deeper understanding of how data is used by the organization, you’ll get ideas for improvements.  You will advocate for collecting data that isn’t currently being collected, and will suggest more meaningful KPIs that teams should monitor, and you will provide guidance to other teams about how they could be using data in ways they haven’t considered.  
Depending on your skill set and experience, you'll also take on projects requiring application of statistical analysis or machine learning techniques.  Because we are such a young company, there are many opportunities to make an impact using data.
In your cover letter, please take a few sentences to describe how you have used data in previous positions to make a positive impact. Applications without cover letters will not be considered.
Responsibilities:
Own data modeling in Looker
Write high-quality, performant, accurate, readable SQL with respect for best practices
Analyze user requirements and prioritize your time accordingly
Ensure users of Looker feel empowered to self-serve
Provide technical support for Looker users as necessary
Develop Looker training curriculum for new employees
Advocate with product and engineering teams for data collection
Qualifications:
2-5 years' experience in a SQL-intensive role, ideally in a BI/Analytics or data engineering/data science function. Title and compensation depend on experience
Demonstrated attention to detail and commitment to reporting accuracy
Demonstrated ability to learn-by-doing
Experience using data to advise or make business decisions
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Strong analytical skills
Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, economics, engineering, or related
Nice to have: experience with Looker, Salesforce data, web marketing data, event tracking data, and Redshift
Nice to have: demonstrated statistical analysis and machine learning skills
Benefits: 
Ground floor opportunity at one of the fastest growing companies in the world
Competitive salary
Generous Stock Options
401(k) with matching
100% coverage for medical, dental, and vision insurance
An insanely supportive, hardworking team, building something BIG 
The Data Scientist is a subject matter expert and individual contributor that will create, decipher, and utilize sophisticated statistical/econometric data analytics to drive effective decision making on some of the most complex problems and strategies of Horizon BCBSNJ. This is a high visibility role with regular exposure to the senior officer level.  Job responsibilities are to:
Help build a foundation for state-of-the-art technical and scientific capabilities to support a number of ongoing and planned data analytics projects. Stay on top of industry's achievements and capabilities, in order to partner with the business and provide forward-thinking recommendations.
Build an in-depth understanding of the problem domain and available Horizon data assets, especially pertaining to value based programs and other strategic initiatives.
Research, design, implement, and evaluate advanced statistical approaches and models for application with Horizon's most complex business issues. Build statistical and econometric models for various problems including: projections, clustering, classification, sampling, simulations, pattern analysis, etc.
Perform ad-hoc exploratory statistics and data mining tasks on very large datasets related to Horizon’s strategies, following consultative analytics workflow. Code your solutions and remain highly collaborative.
Take initiative in evaluating and adapting new approaches from data science and health outcomes research to Horizon's business situation
Investigate data visualization and summarization techniques for conveying key findings related to the applied analytics
Communicate findings and obstacles to stakeholders to help drive the delivery to market. Come up with superb visualizations and illustrations of data that can easily be comprehended and simplified for various audiences. Write production quality code while implementing your own ideas. Present findings to internal stakeholders along with external industry conferences and academic meetings as needed.
Work alongside machine learning experts, technologists, product managers and other informatics analysts from across the organization to solve complex business problems. Responsible for identifying the data we should be collecting, devising methods of instrumenting our system to extract this information and working with technologists to develop the process to transform raw data into business insights.
Mentoring of Informatics Analyst level IIIs.
Education/Experience:
Advanced degree (Master’s level or higher) in mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, computer science, Public Health or other highly quantitative discipline is required
10+ years in Health Analytics preferred
Prefer candidates with proven track record in published research as principal investigator in health industry journals
Knowledge:
Demonstrated knowledge of health informatics / health outcomes research and exceptional business analysis/informatics skills are required
Requires academic journal process awareness.
Thorough understanding of probability and statistics, econometric time series analysis, and similar
Expertise in theory and practice of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (i.e. Experience in the use of advanced statistical analysis and machine learning methods {e.g. linear regression, statistical significance, correlation, etc.}).
Requires strong programming skills.
Experience with tools such as R Programming, visualizations, SAS, Open Source etc.
Experience and in-depth knowledge of the SAS Enterprise Miner, Python programming language or similar
Knowledge of big data platforms such as Hadoop, Aster, etc.
Green Field analysis preferred
Skills and Abilities:
Great communication skills, team player, self-starter, and demonstrated strong work ethic.
Requires the ability to express thoughts clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing for various audiences including to the senior executive level. Requires ability to explain advanced statistical methods to a broad variety of audiences, and translate into business applicability with clear recommendations relevant to the audience.
Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability and any other protected class as required by federal, state or local law.
We’re a fast growing nonprofit that harnesses the power of data science in the service of humanity. We bring pro bono data scientists together with organizations that are dedicated to solving the world’s most pressing challenges. Every day, mission driven organizations apply to us with their data science needs. We then work to understand their pain points, how their organization works and, most importantly, how their data and other data sources can be used to make the biggest impact on the world.

We’ve helped the World Bank estimate poverty from satellite imagery, teamed with the Grameen Foundation to improve their mobile knowledge programs in Uganda, and joined the Red Cross in using fire data and open city data to understand where fires are most likely to occur. We’ve gained a prominent voice in both the data sector and the social entrepreneurship world and you can find word of us in The Guardian, The Economist, Mashable, and the Stanford Social Innovation Review. 

ABOUT THE ROLE

We’re looking for a self-directed individual to lead our team in delivering insights and quantitative expertise to DataKind’s sector-wide initiatives. You will join DataKind’s cornerstone program, DataKind Labs, working directly with our Head of Labs in this highly visible and high impact role, which will be equal parts challenging and rewarding.

You will be instrumental in driving social sector change, employing advanced data science techniques and excellent communication skills. You will help shape our portfolio of flagship projects, manifesting your creativity in architecting best-of-breed solutions, relying on a strong ability to translate our partner organizations’ challenges and context into statistical problems, and devising clever ways to use our army of volunteer data scientists to spur solutions.

Your next project on the docket? Improving the financial state of impoverished New Yorkers.

WHO YOU ARE...

A mid-career data scientist - You have a successful track record leading and executing a broad range of data science projects spanning the entire project lifecycle, from early conceptualization through to solution delivery. You regularly present and vet your methodology with fellow experts via written and oral presentations.

A self-directed leader - You’re anxious to take the reins on high-profile projects. People value your ethical and well-honed opinion and naturally gravitate to you. This recognition propels you forward to solve bigger and more important challenges. 

An ideas person - “Innovation” and “human-centered design” are concepts you’ve practiced from even before they were mainstream. You’ve learned a great deal from hacking and tinkering, guided by curiosity and a drive to identify novel solutions.

An empathetic data geek - You’re an ETL and learning algorithms expert fluent in Python and R, as well as open source databases like PostgreSQL and Hadoop. These hard skills are augmented with soft skills that enable you to quickly build rapport with your beneficiaries.

A pattern expert - You write code for reuse and subscribe to Lean Startup principles. You distill complex challenges into basic components and have a knack for recognizing common threads from the wealth of data science problems you’ve already solved, enabling you to identify possible early warnings for when an approach won’t pan out.

HERE’S WHAT TO EXPECT FROM THE ROLE…

What You'll Achieve With Us

You will work to achieve our mission to harness the power of data science in the service of humanity.
You will support our team, sponsors, funders, and partners who are mission-aligned, to reduce human suffering.
You will contribute ideas and perspectives to our long term goals, helping us to achieve our goals together.
You will be part of a workplace that truly values diversity

How You'll Grow With Us 

You will hone your expertise in project management and data mining, shaping and expanding your portfolios of projects.
You will develop key internal and external team relationships, strengthening your adaptable communication skills.
You will become an early pioneer in introducing analytic techniques common in the for-profit sector to humanitarian challenges.

Tangible and Intangible Perks of Working Here

You will be welcomed into a team culture that sets high standards, values new ideas and innovative approaches, and supports individual growth.
You will join an open and flexible work space where colleagues challenge you to learn and grow, are open to collaboration, and expect you bring a sense of humor with your ‘A’ game.
You will enjoy our awesome new offices in NYC which are located within Civic Hall.
You will receive a comprehensive and growing benefits package with room for growth.

How will we know you’re the right person for the role?

Please complete the following application. Priority will be given to those applications submitted by February 29; therefore we encourage you to submit yours soon!

These short-answer questions are designed to replace a cover letter, please take your time with them and copy in your answers from a separate document.

The overall hiring process will look follow this anticipated timeline:

End of February/Early March: Initial phone interview with the ReWork team.
Early March: Phone interview with DataKind team.
Middle of March: Candidates will be asked to complete a trial project assessing their skills.
End of March: Finalists will come in-person for half-day, multi-team member interviews in either New York or San Francisco. Candidate references will also be checked at this step.
End of March/Early April: Offer finalized.
End of April/May 2nd: Anticipated start date.


What happens if you’re selected?

You’ll be invited to join our growing team in NYC. If you have any questions about the role, please feel free to email us at talent@rework.jobs. We look forward to reading your application! 
This role is a hands-on, skilled technical position under the BIS Global eCommerce team focused on business relationship management with PepsiCo's Global eCommerce organization through executing an aggressive strategic data agenda.

Lead multiple projects and drive technical solutions which leverage both Enterprise and Big Data as it relates to B2B and B2C eCommerce, focused on the collecting, storing, processing, and analyzing disparate data sets. Engage frequently with business partners and other BIS cross-functional teams to ensure long term supportability, as well as be responsible for the hand-off into the company's larger Enterprise Architecture.
Work with APIs and other data acquisition methods to collect web based data, as well as leverage SQL for data querying across enterprise platforms
Implement ETL processes and methodologies to quickly organize data for analysis
Build out the necessary data structures optimized for eCommerce analytics, leveraging the on premise data warehouse and other structured and unstructured data warehousing/storage platforms
Provide technical design/development guidance
Partners with infrastructure and/or BIS support teams (DR, UNIX, Intel, DB, Network) to ensure the integrity of the environment
Provide business analyst guidance as needed to ensure a quality project solution


Education/Certification:
Bachelor's Degree (MIS, IT or related field preferred)

Technical Skills/Requirements:
Proven experience in Data Warehouse implementation using Teradata/SQL*Server/Oracle/Redshift.
Extensive development experience in ETL. Experience with SSIS specifically a plus.
Experienced in programming or scripting languages like PowerShell, Java, VB Script, PHP, Ruby, and/or R
Extensive experience writing SQL queries required, specifically on Teradata and SQL Server a plus
Working knowledge with Hadoop, Map Reduce, HDFS
Experience in working with AWS or other cloud computing platform.
Ability to write data preparation scripts to prepare, integrate, clean, run and analyze big data such as Hive and Pig a plus
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other STEM related area
7+ years of overall experience in database and data development
Demonstrated project management experience, and ability to deliver quality solutions
Communicate to multiple levels of management within the organization as well as business partners
Clarify and identify short-term and long-term solutions
Ability to travel up to 10% of time
Additional Preferred Competencies:
Teradata and Tableau familiarity
Experience with NoSQL databases, such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB a plus
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
protected veteran status, or disability status.
PepsiCo is an equal opportunity employer Minorities/Females/People with Disabilities/Protected Veterans/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. 
If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law (http://pep.jobs/eeo-poster) & EEO is the Law Supplement (http://pep.jobs/eeo-poster-supplement) documents by copying and pasting the appropriate URL in the address bar of your web browser.
Description: VillageCareMAX is seeking a Data Analyst (Medicare) for a full-time in house position.  A strong data analyst that understands Medicare Advantage data and regulatory reporting requirements.
Responsibilities:
Compiles, analyzes and interprets varied and complex healthcare, clinical and utilization data for Analytics department, supporting across business functions including, but not limited to, care management, utilization management, quality, business operations, compliance, finance, and claims
Monitors and analyzes regulatory metrics, and ensures the accuracy and timeliness of regulatory reporting.  Compiles reports for submission to federal and state regulatory agencies 
The person will be required to work collaboratively with other departments to gather all relevant information on the regulatory reporting
Develops specifications for reports and data extracts to be created by third party administrator
Develops and maintains customized reports and dashboards for various departments using various tools (SQL, Access, Excel, BI Tools, etc.)
Ability to run queries, manipulates, transform, and generate reports using SQL, MS Access, MS Excel and BI tools
Works closely with all levels of business users to clearly define reporting requirements in support of strategic decision making.  This includes standard reports, ad-hoc analysis, dashboards, and scorecards
Utilizes various software tools and identify the best format to present and communicate data to provide clear, concise and easy–to-understand information
Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned
 
 
Requirements:
Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or other relevant field required.  Having a master's degree in a related field is highly preferred.
**This role is not a Remote position and we do not provide sponsorship** 
Experience:
Minimum of five years’ data analysis experience in a healthcare setting required  
Knowledge of Medicare Advantage operational and regulatory reporting required
Advanced proficiency skills in Access ( criteria statements , database and report creation), SQL programming ( write complex, highly-optimized queries) , and Excel (Macros, etc.), required
Programming experience using statistical tools preferred (i.e. SAS, R, SPSS, etc)
Familiarity with Business Intelligence Tools (Tableau, MicroStrategy) is a huge plus
Extensive business understanding of healthcare industry; Familiar with clinical, enrollment and utilization data
Ability to utilize other data management systems to pull and analyze information to draw conclusions and recommendations
Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills are required
Willingness to question the validity and accuracy of data
Strong work ethic
Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team and independently as needed
Strong analytical and logical skills paired with strong attention to detail
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines
Works under moderate supervision
HiringCatalyst - New York, NY 
In an age where people are canceling their cable TV subscriptions in favor of online streaming media, there's a NYC technology startup responsible for nearly 5% of all video streams worldwide. They're looking for a Data Software Engineer to work on a team comprised of data scientists and engineers that process massive amounts of video streaming data for their content publishers to gain unique and useful insight. 

This team was created just a year ago and is working with the newest, most exciting technologies for building real-time analytics pipelines including Kafka, Storm, Hive, Hadoop, MapReduce, Avro, Redshift, MongoDB and AWS. Their video player is currently deployed on over 2 million web properties and last year they supported 94 billion plays and over 4 billion hours of video watched. 

Requirements: 
3+ years of software engineering experience dealing with large-scale data or analytics 
Experience with some of the following technologies (Hadoop, Kafka, Hive, MapReduce, Storm, Avro, Redshift, Python, etc.) 
BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field of study

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. is looking for a Data Scientist with a strong passion for turning large data into actionable insights that drive improved business performance. They must have strong critical thinking skills and a passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.

In this highly dynamic and fast-paced environment, this individual will be responsible for manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. They will be integral in transforming the way that data is integrated and leveraged to drive the business. This position will have the opportunity to present findings and share insights with multiple business leaders throughout the organization including merchandising, marketing, supply chain, operations, finance etc.

The role is positioned within Bed Bath & Beyond Inc's Customer & Business Analytics department. The Customer & Business Analytics department is a World Class Analytics group, responsible for providing actionable insights into various aspects of the business to drive value and support improvements within the business. Analytic focus areas include Business Performance, Customer Intelligence, CRM & Optimization as well as Web Analytics.

Experience & Personal Qualities:
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision
Strong background in statistical concepts including regression analysis, factoring, clustering, decision trees, A/B testing and experimental design
Experience with various data types (e.g. Relational, unstructured, Hierarchical, etc)
The ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable manner
Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, attention to details, and the ability to multi-task
Work independently with minimal supervision
Be detail-oriented and comfortable with a fast-paced, structured, retail environment
Education/Certification: 
A minimum Master's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics or a related field
Required Knowledge: 
Expert knowledge of SAS and SQL

Education Minimum Requirement:

- Master's Degree required in one of the following areas: Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics or Statistics

- PhD Degree preferred
Required Experience and Skills:

- Knowledge in advanced analytical, machine learning techniques

- Expert in analytics platforms such as Matlab, R, Python

- Research experience in analyzing big datasets

- Persistent and driven: Demonstrated characteristics of a forward thinker and self-motivator that thrive on new challenges and adapts to learning new knowledge

- Passionate: Show high energy for research problems and open to new ideas

- Collaborative: Demonstrated experience applying excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills working with global and cross-functional teams towards common goals, realizing that the best results from the combined efforts of diverse teams
Preferred Experience and Skills:

- Knowledge in deep learning techniques is a plus

Our employees are the key to our company’s success. We demonstrate our commitment to our employees by offering a competitive and valuable rewards program. Our Company’s benefits are designed to support the wide range of goals, needs and lifestyles of our employees, and many of the people that matter the most in their lives. If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@merck.com.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully:

Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means.

For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement?



Merck is an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran – proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations.

Expert in Advanced Analytics, specialized in the Banking Domain
Over 15+ years of experience in Consulting and Implementation assignments
Excellent presentation and communication skills, with a hunger to continuously learn newer technologies in the Analytics world
Experience working with CxO level, conducting workshops for business and IT teams
Post-graduation / PHD in Statistics. With Strong industry solutions exposures.
In-depth knowledge of all leading analytics platforms like, R, Python, SPSS
In depth knowledge of Advanced Analytics like predictive, forecasting, descriptive modeling, Machine Learning, deep learning
Must have strong background and/or skills in analytics, data modeling and manipulation, and management reporting.
Must have been hands-on in defining and implementing predictive/descriptive and prescriptive modeling.
Must be capable of connecting with businesses and enable customer in consuming actionable insights.
Must be able to conceptualize Analytics Solution and leverage subordinate to scale-up analytics outcomes.
Ability to define end-to-end analytics solution/approaches starting from data capturing, cleansing, descriptive analysis, analytics models and insight consumptions.
Identify informative internal & external data sources & establish methods to incorporate into predictive and data mining models.
Provide expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader applied analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.
Ability to work and switch between multiple disciplines of businesses.
Familiar with ETL, data warehouse, BI platform(s), RDBMS, SQL, Hadoop
Candidate should be travel ready to conduct short / long term consulting assignments
Developing predictive models in the area of marketing
Understanding business problems and translating it into data mining problems
Applying techniques such as clustering, classification and association
The key personnel shall also demonstrate experience using advanced analytic techniques such as modern econometric methods, multivariate statistical analysis, clustering and segmentation, experimental design, optimization and text analytics.
Machine learning
Fraud detection
Qualifications:

Basic:

MS in Analytics or Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, IndustrialEngineering, Operations research, Financial Engineering or related field.
Programming skills with either SAS or with ( R, & Python.)
Experience/Interest in machine learning, data mining, and predictive analysis
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Responsibilities 
• Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques 
• Data mining using state-of-the-art methods 
• Extending companys data with third party sources of information when needed 
• Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems 
• Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis 
• Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner 
• Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance 
• Have at least three years of experience in pharmaceutical industry 

Skills and Qualifications 
• Masters Degree in applied statistics or mathematics or Computer science. 
• Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. 
• Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable. 
• Great communication skills. 
• Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, D3.js, GGplot, etc. 
• Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig 
• Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
• Good scripting and programming skills like Python, Perl, etc. 
• Data-oriented personality
Advanced degree in Computer Science with significant exposure to machine learning, data mining and distributed systems.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills, good understanding of different data structures, algorithms and their usage in solving business problems
Fundamental knowledge of parallel processing, cloud computing and map reduce programming paradigm.
A solid understanding of database technologies, logical and physical data structuring and modeling
Strong object-oriented design experience, applied use of design patterns, and knowledge of the Java web technology platform.
In-depth understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning, and hands-on experience with classification and clustering algorithms.
Proven track record of designing and implementing web applications in highly optimized and scalable architectures.
Proven ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction.
Experience evaluating and implementing best practices tools and techniques for software development.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Desirable:

Experience using big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Impala, Hive, etc.
Experience leading code reviews and coaching/mentoring Java developers is a plus.
At least 4 years of multi-threaded server-side web application development experience is a plus.
Experience designing and developing platform level components including events architectures, messaging, and caching is a plus.
Experience with session management, object relational mapping,, and agile development methodologies is a plus.
Experience with Spring Framework is a plus.
Responsibilities 
• Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques 
• Data mining using state-of-the-art methods 
• Extending companys data with third party sources of information when needed 
• Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems 
• Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis 
• Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner 
• Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance 
• Have at least three years of experience in pharmaceutical industry 

Skills and Qualifications 
• Masters Degree in applied statistics or mathematics or Computer science. 
• Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. 
• Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable. 
• Great communication skills. 
• Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, D3.js, GGplot, etc. 
• Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig 
• Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
• Good scripting and programming skills like Python, Perl, etc. 
• Data-oriented personality
Education/Experience:

* Advanced degree (Master's level or higher) in mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, computer science, Public Health or other highly quantitative discipline is required

* 10+ years in Health Analytics preferred

* Prefer candidates with proven track record in published research as principal investigator in health industry journals

Knowledge:

* Demonstrated knowledge of health informatics / health outcomes research and exceptional business analysis/informatics skills are required

* Requires academic journal process awareness.

* Thorough understanding of probability and statistics, econometric time series analysis, and similar

* Expertise in theory and practice of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (i.e. Experience in the use of advanced statistical analysis and machine learning methods {e.g. linear regression, statistical significance, correlation, etc.}).

* Requires strong programming skills.

* Experience with tools such as R Programming, visualizations, SAS, Open Source etc.

* Experience and in-depth knowledge of the SAS Enterprise Miner, Python programming language or similar

* Knowledge of big data platforms such as Hadoop, Aster, etc.

* Green Field analysis preferred

Skills and Abilities:

* Great communication skills, team player, self-starter, and demonstrated strong work ethic.

* Requires the ability to express thoughts clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing for various audiences including to the senior executive level. Requires ability to explain advanced statistical methods to a broad variety of audiences, and translate into business applicability with clear recommendations relevant to the audience.

Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability and any other protected class as required by federal, state or local law.
Master's Degree required in one of the following areas: Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics or Statistics
PhD Degree preferred
Required Experience and Skills:
Knowledge in advanced analytical, machine learning techniques
Expert in analytics platforms such as Matlab, R, Python
Research experience in analyzing big datasets
Persistent and driven: Demonstrated characteristics of a forward thinker and self-motivator that thrive on new challenges and adapts to learning new knowledge
Passionate: Show high energy for research problems and open to new ideas
Collaborative: Demonstrated experience applying excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills working with global and cross-functional teams towards common goals, realizing that the best results from the combined efforts of diverse teams
Preferred Experience and Skills:
Knowledge in deep learning techniques is a plus
Graduate degree (Master’s or PhD) in a quantitatively oriented subject such as Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Engineering etc. required
Experience building time series forecasting models, gained either in an academic or industry setting, required
Familiarity with optimization theory (obtained though graduate level coursework) required
Familiarity with applications of machine learning techniques desired
SAS and Object oriented programming (C++ or Java preferred) skills required
Experience using optimization software required; Xpress-MP (Dash optimization) skills highly desired
Experience with UNIX and writing shell scripts required
Experience querying and building databases required; Familiarity with SQL and Oracle desired
Intellectual curiosity and willingness to explore and learn new technologies
Strong quantitative and communication skills required; Must possess a pragmatic approach to solving problems
Mine and translate data into meaningful insights and recommendations for the operational and strategic business units

· Answer key business questions by using analytical & statistical techniques on data

· Drive the collection of new data sources and the refinement of existing data sources

· Analyze, interpret & communicate the results of experiments to the business units

· Evaluate and modify statistical methodologies, techniques and processes

· Work with cross-functional teams on the day-to-day execution of data & analytics projects and initiatives

· Produce dynamic data driven analytic solutions to support the strategic goals of the company

· Develop process improvements, analytical frameworks, share expertise with others, mentor and continually strive to improve overall contributions to the department

Experience & Personal Qualities:

· A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision

· Strong background in statistical concepts including regression analysis, factoring, clustering, decision trees, A/B testing and experimental design

· Experience with various data types (e.g. Relational, unstructured, Hierarchical, etc)

· The ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable manner

· Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, attention to details, and the ability to multi-task

· Work independently with minimal supervision

· Be detail-oriented and comfortable with a fast-paced, structured, retail environment

Education/Certification:

· A minimum Master's degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics or a related field

Required Knowledge:

· Expert knowledge of SAS and SQL


Experience Required:

· 5 8 years professional experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches
Qualifications

Required:

Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, Economics or a related field
2+ years of experience in developing and implementing analytical models in business
Familiarity and hands-on experience with SQL.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proficiency in engaging and influencing large teams and functional leaders
Preferred:

Master's degree in Supply Chain, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, Economics or a related field
Familarity and hands-on experience in statistical software packages (e.g., R, SAS or SPSS)
Coding skills (for personal use) in a general-purpose programming language (e.g., C/C++, Java or Python)
Familiarity and experience with data visualization software like Qlikview, Tableau or Excel
Familiarity and experience with creating analytical data sets
Experience and competency in supply chain management
Raw data analysis - assessing quality, cleansing, structuring for downstream processing
Design and prototype of accurate and scalable prediction algorithms
Functional and technical documentation of designs
Collaboration with engineering team to bring analytical prototypes to production
Communication of results to partners and customers
Requirements:

Creative and pragmatic quantitatively minded individual with a passion for understanding location and human behavior
Problem solving - ability to identify issues quickly and rapidly determine root cause and effective resolution approach
Data analysis - very solid data analysis skills including application of analytical techniques such as statistical and machine learning
Data management - familiarity with Hadoop ecosystem and SQL
Proficiency with Python or Java
Software engineering skills - fundamental coding skills enabling the building of analytical pipelines and the development of prototypes for core company products and systems
Communication - excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate technical topics to non-technical individuals
Execution - ability to manage own time and work effectively with others on projects
Education/Experience:

Bachelors degree in Statistics/Applied Math/Computer Science or related field required
Masters or PhD in a quantitative field desired
2+ years relevant job experience

Education: Master or PhD Degree (Preferred) or Bachelor in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc. 
Required Experience: 5+ years
experience in Wireless industry required 5+ years
machine learning experience in professional role 
Must have proven records of papers published in wireless analytics space in IEEE or other effective journals 
Master machine learning algorithms including: forecasting, clustering, classification, reinforcement learning, deep learning etc 
Data extraction/transformation/loading, text mining, statistical analysis experience is required 
5+ years
experience with Python, R, Matlab, VBA, Java Scripts. 
5+ years
experience with Spark, Hadoop, MySQL, MS Excel, VBA, 
TeraData
SQL, MS SQL. 
Expertise of system performance fine tuning of the database schema is required 
Strong analytical capabilities, creativity and critical thinking required 
Qualifications

Must have:

A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, E-Commerce, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, or equivalent experience.

Five or more years of hands-on experience working with analytics and data mining in a professional environment.

Three or more years of Hands-on experience with SQL and extracting and manipulating data from RDBMS and data warehouse.

Five or more years of experience defining analytic approach based on ambiguously defined requirements.

Three or more years of experience with providing QA of analytics outputs and addressing risks.

Five or more years of experience with creating a work plan to execute analytic models from end to end and collaborate in team setting.

Extensive experience with SAS, R, Python, or SPSS.

Experience with SQL assistant, manipulating data using SQL and the Teradata warehouse environment.

Ideally, you’ll also have:

A Master’s degree or higher.

Solid understanding of end-to-end business process and how to recommend data-driven decisions in cross-functional areas spanning Marketing, Sales, and Service.

Expertise with proven analytics techniques and how to apply them to generate insights and recommendations.

Experience with SQL assistant, manipulating data using SQL and the Teradata warehouse environment.

Deep understanding of statistical methods and experience applying those methods to solve business problems.

Strong communication skills to translate complex technical issues to non-power users in business-friendly way.

Proven ability to present to all levels of leadership.
Advanced degree in Computer Science with significant exposure to machine learning, data mining and distributed systems.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills, good understanding of different data structures, algorithms and their usage in solving business problems
Fundamental knowledge of parallel processing, cloud computing and map reduce programming paradigm.
A solid understanding of database technologies, logical and physical data structuring and modeling
Strong object-oriented design experience, applied use of design patterns, and knowledge of the Java web technology platform.
In-depth understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning, and hands-on experience with classification and clustering algorithms.
Proven track record of designing and implementing web applications in highly optimized and scalable architectures.
Proven ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction.
Experience evaluating and implementing best practices tools and techniques for software development.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Desirable:

Experience using big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Impala, Hive, etc.
Experience leading code reviews and coaching/mentoring Java developers is a plus.
At least 4 years of multi-threaded server-side web application development experience is a plus.
Experience designing and developing platform level components including events architectures, messaging, and caching is a plus.
Experience with session management, object relational mapping,, and agile development methodologies is a plus.
Experience with Spring Framework is a plus.
We are looking for post-graduates with a strong background in computing or data science and a keen interest in finance and trading to join our leading market making and broker dealer platform as an analyst. This role will expose you to a variety of areas of our business and ensure a steep learning curve on products ranging from ETFs and portfolio construction to tick databases and trading strategies. The ideal candidate will hold degrees in both computer science and financial engineering (or similar). A strong understanding of statistics and programming, including comfort working with large databases, is critical to the role.

Strong writing and communication skills would be a bonus.

Core Competencies
1. Statistics: Good understanding of statistics, in particular concepts like correlation and auto-correlation, data distributions, R2, confidence levels and regressions. 
2. Computer Science: Comfortable writing SQL code, Java, Java-script, Python and R. Understands databases and able to extract and manipulate and summarize large data sets. Familiarity with time series & tick data important. Will be required to write programs to automate processes.
3. Finance: 
a. Understand financial math & products, discount model concepts, arbitrage concepts, optimal portfolio construction, futures vs stocks vs ETFs. 
b. interest in, and understanding of, economics
c. Interest in trading a bonus
4. Communication Skills: 
a. Comfortable sharing ideas and communicating in a team. 
b. Good writing and presentation skills a benefit.
c. A “sales and marketing” personality a bonus
Minimum of three years of work experience. 
An MS/PhD program in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science/Machine Learning, Bioinformatics, Neuroscience and other technical discipline, or else equivalent data experience in industry. 
Extensive experience with Python (numpy, scipy, scikitlearn)
Familiarity with C# and .NET or else experience with C-style languages
Extensive experience with Statistics, A/B Testing, Recommendation Engines, Causal Inference, Mixed Effects Models, Matrix/Tensor Factorization Techniques, Experimental Design, Ranking and Convex Optimization
Demonstrated ability to work both autonomously and as part of a team environment
Great communication skills and a drive to think outside of the box
Experience with databases (esp. MongoDB, SQL)
Automotive industry experience is a plus.

We are looking for a team player, who is friendly, communicative and is going to be proactive in identifying solutions to problems, and will also seek out new problems worth solving that can contribute to the company s mission in a meaningful way. In particular, they should have experience effectively communicating their conclusions to both technical and non-technical team-members through both speech and writing.
Education: B.S. or higher in a science- or math-related discipline
Years of experience: 3+

Required Skills:
Candidates must have the following:
Excellent writing and presentation skills
Ability to effectively communicate and interact with technical staff at all levels

Desired Skills:
Candidates with the following additional qualifications will receive preference:
Knowledge and experience of statistical science and data analytics
Ability to use R, MATLAB, Python, and/or similar tools to identify trends and relationships from data, draw appropriate conclusions, and translate findings into decisions
Familiarity with Java, C/C++/C#, Python, Perl, Ruby, and/or R to develop or modify programs, software, and/or applications
Ability to use MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL, NoSQL, Pig, Hive, and/or Hadoop for relational database management
Experience managing and analyzing large (terabyte-sized) heterogeneous data sets
Experience in decision tree learning, association rule learning, artificial neural networks, inductive logic programming, clustering, Bayesian networks, reinforcement learning, representation learning, similarity and metric learning, and other data mining techniques
Data visualization skills, potentially including the ability to design and create infographics, multimedia, and interactive data projects using information sources from a wide array of contributors, services and databases to communicate data in visual form
Ability to develop parametric and non-parametric predictive models
Scientific background with focus on chemistry or biology
Qualifications:

Master/PhD degree in economics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, operations research or related areas is preferred; candidates with BA/BS degrees from the top tier academic institutions with significant work experience are also welcome to apply
10 or more years of progressively complex related experience
Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling
Comprehensive knowledge on health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products
Expertise in innovating and implementing novel machine learning techniques
Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources
Superior skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and external health care environment
Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form
Strong organizational, management and leadership skills
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Apply appropriate data visualization and analytical methods to identify key drivers of client experience related metrics and to provide insightful, innovative and actionable recommendations to improve client experience and business outcomes.
Build deep partnership with business and technology stakeholders from across the enterprise to understand client experience concerns and existing available data sources
Establish credibility as a trusted advisor to key stakeholders across business units in order to promote and elevate statistical and predictive modeling standards.
Extract, merge, clean and normalize data sources as necessary for subsequent analytical studies using a combination of Excel, SQL, Oracle and Hadoop.
Use R, SAS statistical platforms to design and build appropriate statistical and machine learning models, including but not limited to regression, clustering and decision trees, to identify main drivers of client experience related metrics.
Create appropriate data dashboards/visualizations (Tableau server) and presentations (PPT) to highlight findings and recommendations for both executive and technical audiences.
Use good business and financial acumen to assess business cases.
Implement appropriate tracking methods to measure business impacts of recommendations.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, CS, Engineering or related.
5-10 years of progressive experience building statistical models, with preference to those with prior experience in client experience related roles.
Exceptional quantitative and data analysis skills
Must have deep expertise with SAS, R for statistical programming
Data visualization platforms such as Tableau
Deep understanding of Excel, SQL, Oracle for data extraction/transformation.
Results-oriented, self-starter with ability to learn quickly and adapt to changing business priorities
LICORP
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Preference will be given to candidates who have the following:
Hadoop or similar
Python for text manipulation
Required Skills:
5+ years of SQL query writing experience including Profiling, Reconciliation and Aggregation and Test queries
5+ years of Experience working on Data Warehousing Projects
7+ Years of Strong development experience with DataStage
3+ Years of DataStage 8.7 or Higher
4+ Years of DataStage Parallel Job Design
7+ Years of writing complex SQL, PL/SQL queries around Data Analysis, Data Lineage & Reconciliation preferably in Oracle
5+ years of creating Data Lineage documents, Source to Target (STM) Mapping documents and Low Level Technical Specification Documents
4+ Years of design and implementation of ETL/ELT framework for complex warehouses/data marts.
Salesforce experience is a huge plus
Life Insurance Industry Experience a plus
Additional Opening Details to Suppliers
Category:IT code:new
Job Requirements
ETL, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, Data Analysis
Requirments:
Working knowledge of static data input and Excel
Banking or Finance experience preferred
Advantage xPO is a premier global workforce solutions provider and part of Recruit Holdings Co. Ltd., one of the largest human capital management companies in the world. Widely recognized by industry experts and HRO Today magazine, Advantage xPO specializes in providing temporary to contract-to-hire and direct/permanent placements with proven expertise in Engineering/Technical, Information Technology, Scientific, Finance/Accounting, Human Resources, Clerical and Light Industrial. Advantage xPO connects you with the right opportunity at the right company.
Advantage Resourcing Americas, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer offering employment without regard for race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, gender, marital status, age, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected categories. Advantage is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor
JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Education Preferred
Bachelor's degree, technical degree or equivalent.
Work Experience
At least 5 years professional/business experience. Industry experience a major plus. Experience working with cross functional project teams on development of enterprise data stores.
Other - Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills.
var RichTextValue = PTRTEFillcache('/psc/HCM91PRE_newwin/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL','PT_RTE_IMG_DB_LOC','record://PTRTDB','HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$1','1');var TextAreaObject = document.getElementById('HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$1');TextAreaObject.innerHTML = RichTextValue;
Other Information
Additional Information or Requirements
SAS programming

var RichTextValue = PTRTEFillcache('/psc/HCM91PRE_newwin/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL','PT_RTE_IMG_DB_LOC','record://PTRTDB','HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$2','1');var TextAreaObject = document.getElementById('HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$2');TextAreaObject.innerHTML = RichTextValue;
How To Apply
Please Log In or Register to Upload a Resume and complete the online Application. Because of the large number of applicants to job openings, Quest Diagnostics will only contact candidates to be interviewed
var RichTextValue = PTRTEFillcache('/psc/HCM91PRE_newwin/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL','PT_RTE_IMG_DB_LOC','record://PTRTDB','HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$3','1');var TextAreaObject = document.getElementById('HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$3');TextAreaObject.innerHTML = RichTextValue;
Closing Statement
Quest Diagnostics has many career opportunities for individuals whose talent, initiative and dedication will complement our belief that the patient comes first and that values do matter. We work to earn our customers' trust every day by providing the highest quality diagnostic information services in a professional, accessible and informative way. Our workforce is diverse and talented and believes in our vision: "Empowering Better Health with Diagnostic Insights."
[All requirements are subject to possible modifications to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities.]
Quest Diagnostics is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Women / Minorities / Veterans / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity.
var RichTextValue = PTRTEFillcache('/psc/HCM91PRE_newwin/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL','PT_RTE_IMG_DB_LOC','record://PTRTDB','HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$4','1');var TextAreaObject = document.getElementById('HRS_JO_PDSC_VW_DESCRLONG$4');TextAreaObject.innerHTML = RichTextValue;
Bachelor’s Degree in Mathmatics or any other related areas
2-3 years of consulting on such analysis, preferably within the retail/wholesale automotive area. Excellent oral and written communication skills are essential.
Excellent PC skills, including mTAB for windows
Computer Skills: MS applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Must be a detail-oriented and creative self-starter with excellent analytical and administrative abilities
Develop/Simplify Churn Tracking Tools
Incorporate external tools (e.g. Razorsite) into analysis
Track Win/Loss and Lessons Learned
Dashboard Creation
Develop/manage balanced Scorecard Metrics
Perform Competitive Trend Analysis
Track and analyze product level revenue and margins
Proactively identify potential revenue recovery programs based on bill data analysis
Qualifications
Ideally, the chosen candidate will have familiarity with telecommunications services, specifically carrier Ethernet. Candidate should be comfortable talking with technical resources and distilling complex concepts into manageable summaries.
QUALIFICATIONS:
B.A. in business, finance, marketing, or other creative field, or equivalent professional work experience
Experience in metric reporting and data analytics required
Strong technical marketing skills
Relevant product and industry knowledge
Technology or telecommunications industry experience a plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Like to haves:
A Bachelor's degree with an emphasis in Computer Science, Databases, Technology, or equivalent work experience
3+ years of business experience
2+ years of MS SQL Server (2008/2012), Transact-SQL, Stored Procedures
1+ years of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SSRS
1+ years of programming experience with any of the following (C#, Perl, PHP, C++)
Intermediate MS Office skills including the ability to create, manipulate and formulate spreadsheets
Highly familiar with (SSIS) Packages and SSIS Catalogs, and SSIS Data Processing automation
Knowledge of numerous indexing schemes such as clustered columnstore index to improve data compression and query performance and column store indexing
Proficient at numerous record matching techniques
Familiar with SQL Query Optimization tools and techniques
Ability to design and develop highly complex ETL processes that aggregate terabytes of data and that leverage third-party software components
Knowledge of Always on, Failovers, and Availability groups
Required Skills:
1+ years of experience working with Oracle or other databases in an application development environment
Should have working knowledge of relational databases and SQL
Good problem solving skills
Ability to learn business applications and concepts
Good written and verbal communications skill
Team-player and ability to work independently
Technical experience as a programmer-analyst
Desired Skills:
Knowledge of Web design is a plus
Knowledge of EDI is a plus
Knowledge of the Healthcare industry is a plus
Knowledge of Medicare/Medicaid/Commercial risk adjustment is a plus

Education:
A Bachelor’s or Associates degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related technical field is desired. The equivalent combination of education and data analyst experience will also be considered.
Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in Market Research, Marketing, Statistics, Economics, Business or a related field
Outstanding problem-solving skills with the ability to quickly identify issues and find workable solutions
Able to manage multiple projects/processes under tight concurrent deadlines
Excellent communication skills – specifically how to report issues, act as a trusted advisor and communicate in a timely manner under pressure
Experience and comfort working with large amounts of data from a variety of sources
Adept at using technological resources including MS Office (including vlookup in Excel) and basic skills with SAS and/or SPSS preferred
Experience in Salesforce a plus
Major Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing Supply Chain Metrics to support Markets, Sites, Regions and Global.
Manipulate large volumes of data using Excel.
Develop and generate ad-hoc reporting queries.
Assist in the development of new reports and metrics as well as enhancements to and support of existing metrics.
Trouble shoot data issues related to reports.
Analyze data for troubleshooting and tracking Reporting/Metrics to resolve all reporting/ metrics related issues.
Generation of Metric Results on Monthly/Weekly basis using Power point presentations.
Experience:
Strong analytical skills, expert in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
Strong written and verbal communication skills required
Knowledge of systems including SAP R/3, SAP Business Intelligence (BI), and analytic tool such as Spotfire or Tableau is a plus.
Business knowledge of Supply Chain Process is a plus.
Responsibilities
Elicit, analyze, and understand business requirements, data requirements, and system flows to develop development-lifecycle artifacts
Ensure data elemental lineage is factored into all modeling work
Balance multiple concurrent mapping exercises, while working to determine and prioritize cross-modeling dependencies
Skills
5+ years experience with Data Analytics or Modelling
5+ years Microsoft Office and Visio experience
5+ years web service/API experience
Reach out to member pharmacies to gather missing data, clarify data inconsistencies, and offer technical assistance/expertise if necessary
Identify, investigate, and resolve data anomalies using SQL or other statistical analysis software
Ensure that Armadas data reports meet program requirements and are delivered in a timely manner by making necessary changes to improve data accuracy
Process daily/monthly/quarterly master data functions as assigned
Provide ad hoc data analysis to internal and external parties as requested
Append pharmacy data reports to the Armada database using applicable data rules to ensure quality of input through various stages of the data-loading process.
Communicate findings of data investigations and manage expectations for internal and external stakeholders
Performance Criteria:
Success in this role is determined by:
The timely submission of accurate data to appropriate parties
Maintaining a high level of customer service for Armadas customers manufacturers and members pharmacies
Successful collaboration with other Armada team members to attain a common goal
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree required. B.A./B.S. Information Systems or similar field preferred
Minimum 2-3 years of experience working with pharmaceutical data in a team-driven environment Advanced Excel skills (building Macros, pivot tables & pivot charts, writing formulas, etc.)
Proven track record with taking ownership of data investigations and seeing them through to resolution Preferably using SQL or other statistical analysis
The candidate must have client-facing experience and be able to articulate themselves clearly and concisely in their verbal and written communications
Excellent presentation and collaboration skills
Desired but not mandatory 
Extracted, transformed and loading of data from various heterogeneous data sources and destination like Oracle using connectors, tasks and transformations provided by SSIS 
Managed large data sets; moved and merged data files from different platforms including SQL, cleaned, and aggregated data 
Maintained security of information contained in the relational database 
Created Entity Relationship diagrams for the database 
Maintained referential integrity, domain integrity and column integrity 
Designed and developed TSQL procedures and query performance tuning 
Performed tasks like: Data extraction, data cleaning, data analysis 
Used statistical techniques like: Hypothesis testing, descriptive analysis 
Translated research requirements into software applications and models 
Resolved and troubleshoot complex issues 
Receive research requests and requirements and develop analysis plans. 
Provided timely, accurate and reliable analysis of data 
Developed and maintained analytic tools in SQL, Base SAS, SAS EG, and SAS macros 
Documented work on daily basis
Even if you are not qualified, send me your resume. I will sure look into it.
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
0-5 years in Data Analyst
Bachelor's degree or equivalent
Should be open to relocation anywhere in the United States.
Responsibilities
Aggregate, Analyze, and Implement big data driven solutions for Hadoop in an agile development environment
Collaborate with Data Experts to build custom data driven tools
Aggregate and process very large datasets and databases
Build and deploy production level data services and APIs
Extensive hands-on data sourcing development configuration, management, unit testing, debugging, and efficient data processing a must 
Ensure all distributed systems follows best practices for Security, Performance, and Scalability with full development life cycle 
Remotely work with a team of strategy, technology, and business development members and directly report to the development manager
Be accountable for the timely deliverables meeting all quality goals
A big plus for knowledge on open source technologies such as Hadoop (Hortonworks), HBase, Hive, Pig, Storm, Flume, Falcon, Sqoop, Oozie, Ambari, Java, Spark, Kafka, MapReduce, ETL, Data Warehousing, Data Mining, PostgreSQL within cloud computing infrastructure
Must understand server environments, infrastructure, auto deployments
Must understand deep analytics tools such as R, languages, and business intelligence (BI), machine learning, streaming and predictive analytics
Requirements and Experience
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
Must have 3+ years of solid Data aggregation, analysis, and processing experience 
Java, Ruby, API, C++ experience a big plus
Highly motivated self-starter
A big plus for knowledge on open source experience in Hadoop (Hortonworks), HBase, Hive, Pig, Flume, Falcon, Sqoop, Oozie, Ambari, Java, NoSQL, MapReduce, spark, HCatalog, Tez, NoSQL, Zookeeper, Mahout HDFS within cloud computing infrastructure
Ability to develop efficient and scalable data management processes and techniques
Proven expertise in data planning, aggregation, data monitoring, backup and recovery processes
Excellent ability to manipulate, analyze, and perform Big Data computations
Experience in delivering high volume large scale distributed data
Ability to work in agile development environments
Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) preferred
Create dashboards to communicate test results and monitor key metrics. Teach teams and management how best to understand and use these tools in their daily activities.
Leverage data to perform intensive analysis across all areas of our business to drive product development, marketing efficiencies, and growth.
Build models that enhance our understanding of user behavior and predict future performance of cohorts.
Design experiments, and assist others on the growth team in designing experiments and interpreting results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions.
Leverage your statistical knowledge to find and define trends within our products, and to use that knowledge to shape our product roadmaps.
Present findings to senior management to drive business decisions.
Develop machine learning, data mining, statistical, and graph-based algorithms.
Requirements:
2+ years of experience in a data analytics or quantitative analysis role
A bachelor's degree or significant real-world experience in Math, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative field
Extremely strong SQL skills and the ability to use tools such as Amazon Redshift, Wagon, and Google Analytics to drive data analysis
Advanced knowledge of experimentation and statistical methods
Responsibilities:
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Other duties as assigned.
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
3 years’ experience interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports to management
1 years’ supervisor / management experience the development and implementation of data collection systems
Proven working experience as a data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Retail and/or repair experience or knowledge is a plus.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL etc.), programming (XML, Java-script, or ETL frameworks) or BI
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.
Must have at least 5 years of experience in Tableau and SQL as this person will be building dashboards using Tableau on AWS Redshift. 
5+ years experience with Financial Services clients 
Experience with major querying tools desired 
Coordinating others work while involved with multiple work streams 
Tableau certified preferred. 
Proficient with all versions of Tableau software. Usage of advanced Tableau functionalities and techniques eg. sets Parameters and Calculated Fields 
Candidate should be able to understand the data and then correlate it with business needs and suggest innovative reports and dashboards 
Ability to collaborate with business users to understand and translate requirements into sound technical solutions. 
No OTJ except for data and systems training 
Desired 
Common skill sets – Oracle and UNIX 5+ years experience 
OLAP/SQL Tools 5+ yrs experience with Teradata or comparable 
Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Engineering
At least 2 years of experience in Information Technology
Object Oriented Programming experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Technical Skills: ABAP, Object Oriented Programming, RICEF (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Enhancements, Forms)
Exposure to: Java/Eclipse, VB, SQL, Web Dynpro for ABAP
Fast learner, ability to pick up technology and concepts quickly, strong design orientation, abstract thinking, understand design methodology, keeps an open mind & takes initiative
Able to communicate with business users and solicit requirements
Strong oral & written communication skills with ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms
Desire to expand knowledge of SAP applications & project management skills
Able to adapt and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, and technologies
Work experience for a consumer goods organization is desirable
 Good mobile telecommunications industry knowledge, including experience with handset manufacturers, network equipment vendors, and/or chipset vendors.
Ability to work with large volumes of data and present results in a clean, concise format understood by end users.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to identify data patterns.
Strong attention to detail.
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team.
Must be capable of working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining stellar quality work and consistently meeting deadlines.
Strong motivation to learn new reporting and application development skills (.NET).
Must possess superior written, oral and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to interact with personnel at all levels of the organization; customer service skills and strong organizational skills are also a must.
Technical Skills Required:
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel 2010-2016 including the use of Lookups, Macros, and VBA Functions and Routines.
Proficient with VBA, specifically within Microsoft Excel, and/or VB 6.0 coding and best practices.
Ability to read, troubleshoot and improve existing VBA code.
Experience Required:
Minimum 1-2 years of data analysis and reporting using Microsoft Office.
Proven history of creating and analyzing reports.
Experience with finding process improvements to streamline workflows.
Education Required:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems or a related field from an accredited college or university.
Preferred Skills (Not Required):
Basic knowledge of SQL Server, Stored Procedures and Views.
Familiarity with Microsoft Office Automation and COM Add-ins.
4 Year Undergraduate Degree (preferred)
Minimum 0-2 Years Work Experience
Skills Required:
Collaboration and Teaming
Mastering Complexity / Analytical Thinking & Problem Solving
Customer Relationship Management Skills
Strong Computer Proficiency (primarily Microsoft Office Applications)
Additional Preferred Skills:
Intermediate to Advanced Excel Skills
Project Management
Working Knowledge of SAP
Manage, Analyze and update master data records for consolidation/deletion, and enhance master data content in SAP for SBS division, ensuring integrity and accuracy as required.
Develop, recommend and implement business process enhancements, as well as design and execute SAP queries as needed for data analysis, quality and governance
Coordinates new product introduction and ensures master data coding conventions are applied as it relates to proper configuration within SAP and product availability.
Input data into the SAP system for new/existing products and make necessary changes to existing SAP data for current products. This master data includes, but not limited to Material Masters, Bill of Materials, Classifications, Configuration Profiles, Info Records, Pricing, Vendors and Customers.
Maintain the SAP tables such as product hierarchies, authorization groups and authorization codes that are related to the dealer database.
Trouble-shoot production issues, and if appropriate make necessary corrections to the associated master data setup, with the goal of avoiding future issues.
Assist in establishing best practices, policies and Sop’s for customer master data maintenance and monitoring
Provide guidance and recommendations to business units to enhance the quality of customer, material, vendor and pricing master data
Produce SBS listings, mailing lists and any other reports and output needed from the SBS master data.
Create and process all centralized functions for SBS.
Communicates issues and concerns between data team and SBS field personal and help to develop solutions for issues and concerns.
Provide timely customer service to all SBS field locations, SBS management, Third party partners.
Other duties as assigned.
3+ years as a Business Analyst or Supply Chain Analyst, with reporting and Customer analysis experience, SAP Master Data or Data Maintenance
SAP/BW/BI experience preferred.
Maximize database skills to build, manage, and analyze internal customer data sets for email deployment to the correct and eligible populations
Scrutinize data sets and reports to ensure accuracy, validity, and data integrity
Work closely with the Email team to deliver on campaign metrics
Clearly communicate analytic results of engagement plans and post-event summaries
Leverage strong SQL skills to provide valuable segmentation insights on customer data for email deployment to the correct and eligible populations
Maintain a dynamic email calendar by working with business owners to pull data, load data, and test data for all emails
Service requests for data by running pre-set queries and using SQL developer as required
Technical Requirements
Understanding relational Databases and working with Schemas, preferably using Oracle
Strong SQL experience with extracting and manipulating large datasets for analysis purposes.
Strong Excel skills and ability to manipulate (slice& dice) and analyze the data in different dimensions using Pivot tables
Experience understanding data structures and analyzing data from a business perspective.
Should be able to work with business users, analyze existing reports/data, and have strong database/reporting knowledge
Effective analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills
Being able to work independently as well as in a team-oriented culture
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Preferred Qualifications
Email marketing execution experience
Experience in customer and/or market research segmentation(experience pulling lists)
Experience with any Analytical tools like Hyperion /Essbase/SAS etc.
2 - 3 years of experience. Junior/Mid with strong SQL skills. Working with a business side is a mplus. Majority is working on SQL analysis.
Get requirements and pulling list using SQL. Heavily interacting with business owners (will need to explain things that aren't too technical).
Tableau or SAS is a plus but not needed. Not looking for SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Mentor and train more junior analysts
Evaluate data and report findings for accuracy, completeness, intent, and scope, etc.
Determine or agree upon deliverables with customer, as well as determining the resources necessary to meet those deliverables
Determine resources necessary (time, headcount, external resources) to meet deliverables
Act as liaison with IT /vendor and customer and initiate /implement project plan for requests
Perform appropriate analysis on data: forecasting, modeling, regression
Mine data from appropriate system and perform appropriate analysis on data
Present data and provide feedback to client/customer; making recommendations where appropriate
Develop relationships with subject matter experts (SME)
Seek and adopt best practices in data reporting
Perform other relevant tasks as assigned by management
The ideal candidate must have a Bachelor's degree and 6+ years experience within the Healthcare indudstry. Knowledge of SAS is required. SQL, Access, sharepoint, or geo access/geo coding experience is pregerred.
Responsibilities:

Work on challenging fundamental data science problems in online advertising
Propose and develop solutions independently and leading a group of other data scientists
Prepare white papers, scientific publications and conference presentations
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify and answer important product questions
Communicate findings to product managers and engineers
Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
Analyze and interpret the results
Develop best practices for instrumentation and experimentation and communicate those to product engineering teams
Requirements:

Ph.D. in a relevant technical (machine learning, computer science, physics, mathematics, statistics, or related field), or 4+ years experience in a relevant role
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches using machine learning methods
Track record of using advanced statistical methods, information retrieval, data mining techniques
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
Fluency with at least one scripting language such as Python
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R or Matlab
Experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, etc
This position will be heavily involved in the creation, validation and improvement of dashboards related to these projects and other organization-wide initiatives. The ideal candidate will partner with IT and clinical/operational owners to detail project specifications, develop dashboard mock-ups utilizing Tableau or other data visualization software, conduct quality assurance testing of the dashboard and assist in the education and roll-out of the dashboard with clinical and operational stakeholders.
This position will also support key Nursing Managers in analyzing resource utilization, modifying current practice, establishing new standards, and providing support and development of reports and presentations related to management of hospital operations at the unit/service/department level, performance measurement and process improvement efforts, regulatory compliance and other initiatives related to the Department of Nursing.
Provides skill training and awareness in concepts and principles of performance measurement and process improvement. Assists in identifying and utilizing appropriate analytical tools/methodologies. Assists Director of Nursing as a content expert in developing quality related in-service education programs. Provides other training and assistance, as requested. Effectively communicates concepts and principles of statistically recognized performance measurement techniques.
Under guidance of Director of Nursing, assists in designing, analyzing, implementing and evaluating various programs. Works with Department of Nursing and others to design appropriate programs. Assists team members in data collection and writing of reports to present outcomes. Works with other nursing department staff to conduct analyses of various program options, including researching results of other organizations, market impact, financial planning, resource utilization, and others as necessary. Assists Service Line Team Leadership in implementing and evaluating results of approved recommendations.
Assists Nursing Leadership in identifying and rectifying systems issues. Assists in conducting process analysis, problem identification and root cause analysis, layout analysis, organization and environmental analysis and formulating recommendations and action plans for improvement. Participates in group problem solving in developing modified and improved process operations, and in implementing pilot studies and trails of suggested improvements. Assists Nursing Leadership in designing programs for improved systems and processes.
Supports key managers in analyzing resource utilization, modifying current practice, establishing new standards, and tracking results. Assists management and improvement teams in reviewing and analyzing customer expectations/satisfaction data and translating findings into operating requirements, performance standards and priorities for improvement.
Under guidance of Director of Nursing, facilitates system improvement, as required. Works with cross organizational staff and key managers to determine performance standards, service expectations and quality indicators. Assists in creating effective data gathering instruments and develops tracking systems to understand and document system processes. Assists in designing, developing and implementing performance measurement systems to track performance as well as customer expectations and monitors against targets.
Under guidance of Nursing Leadership, assists in coordinating and facilitating efforts of Departments of Nursing. Facilitates communication within Nursing leadership and support staff to ensure consistent analytical approaches. Coordinates efforts of Directors of Nursing to complete tasks/projects that cross multiple units/services. Facilitates sharing of knowledge, best practices, and analytical approaches within Nursing Department.
Minimum Qualifications:

Must have a Bachelor’s Degree.
Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in a related field.
Preferred Qualifications:

Candidates who have experience with Structured Query Language (SQL) and programming are strongly preferred.
An advanced degree in an applied numerical field: Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, etc.
1+ years of machine learning experience in professional role.
A solid understanding of different machine learning techniques including: dimension reduction, manifold learning, and distance metric training
Strong quantitative analysis, programming, and statistical modeling skills.
A track record of gathering, matching, and pre-processing large data sets from varied sources and of different characteristics.
Experience in the analysis on mixed features: continuous and categorical.
 Experience with Python, R, or Matlab.
Previously used SPARK, scikit-learn, etc.
Parallel computing experience a plus.
Communication skills both written and spoken.
New York City NY Jobs, Quantitative Analyst, C/C++, Java, Python, Quant, R, MatLab, New York Recruiters, Information Technology Jobs, IT Jobs, New York Recruiting

Summary:

Will relocate the right candidate.  Will Sponsor Visa’s.  Will only consider candidates from top tier computer science universities and/or individuals with a stellar GPA.  Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree from a top computer science program with a GPA of 3.5 or higher.  PhDpreferred.  Top computer science program preferred (Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology/MIT, Stanford University, University of California-Berkeley, Cornell University, University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, Princeton University, University of Washington, University of Texas-Austin, Georgia Institute of Technology, California Institute of Technology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, etc.

A leading national telecommunications, media and entertainment company, Altice USA delivers residential and business services to more than 4.6 million total customers across 20 states.  Our 18,000 employees have an unwavering commitment to customers and to providing quality products and outstanding service.

Our philosophy is built around our commitment to our employees, community and customers. We are committed to providing employees with opportunities for growth and development, as well as an environment where your ideas will help us drive our business and create a more meaningful employee experience.

Media Sales offers local and regional advertising for businesses across a wide range of platforms, including interactive channels, on-demand services and cable television networks, powered by census-level data and cutting-edge data analytics solutions.

Altice Media Solutions (AMS) Engineering and Technology team is looking for Master’s or PhD students to participate in our Full-time Data Analysts Program which combines formal learning, on-the-job practice and mentoring to create development opportunities.  The program is for students in their final year of study, earning a Master’s degree or PhD with preferred areas of focus in: Business Intelligence & Analytics, Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Decision Sciences, Management Information Systems or other related technical discipline. Data Analysts will apply a logical, systematic approach to problem-solving using mathematical and statistical techniques and/or innovative/quantitative analytical approaches to identify insights and make recommendations to resolve business problems and help drive change. This involves gathering, manipulating and synthesizing data, models and other relevant information to draw conclusions to business questions and make recommendations that assist in driving and informing our strategies.
 

Data Scope: Comfortable manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources
Know Your Audience: Communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to both technical and non-technical groups
Data-Minded:A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data
Solution-Oriented: Have business skills to understand problems and build the algorithms necessary to find the right answers
Report Findings: A strength in presenting complex results in a visual and intuitive manner
Modeling for the Future: Ability to abstract model representations and formulate repeatable models
Energy and Passion: Thrive in a fast-paced environment, both autonomously and on a team
Some experience/knowledge of; RDBMS technology and SQL; Object-oriented programming such as Java; Business Intelligence technologies such as Tableau, Cognos, MicroStrategy, Microsoft BI, or SAP BusinessObjects; Operating Systems (Unix, Linux, and Windows); Apache projects including Hadoop, Hive, HBase, and others; Data manipulation, algorithms, advanced math, and statistical modeling (SAS, R, or SPSS)
Interest/Knowledge in a selection of the following; Building and applying machine learning / predictive modeling in real-world use cases; Large scale mathematical programming / operations research problems; Large scale optimization employing meta heuristics; Big data systems and methodologies

Advanced Experience with programming scripts such as Python, Java, Scala, C++ in Linux/Unix, and R. Preference that you are highly knowledgeable in numerous languages.
Experience in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, and neural networks.
Experience with web services such as AWS ,DigitalOcean,  Redshift, S3, and Spark. Also the ability to connect data using web API, REST API, and web crawling techniques.
Experience with SQL querying and knowledge of PostgreSQL, MySQL, MSSQL databases.
Experience in analyzing data from business line data applications and data providers such as Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, Nielsen, Comscore, Simmons, MRI and etc
Experience in visualizing data to stakeholders in a simple and concise manner through visualization software such as ggplot, D3,Tableau Qlinkview, Periscope, Business Objects, or other similar software.
Ability to analyze data, draw insights, and prepare reports in a cohesive, intuitive, and simplistic manner to the client.
Strong communication skills
Excellent organization and prioritization skills

As the owner of Data Science for Koko, you'll be in a position to profoundly shape our product and the future of our company. 

Koko has amassed a large and unique data set, a huge repository of human kindness (see testimonials). We need help leveraging this data to create novel products and experiences that promote emotional well-being.

In this role, you will:

Lead ALL aspects of data science at Koko

Develop data-driven products and features that drive the company towards its mission

Build and tune natural language classifiers, informational retrieval systems and various other data-driven systems to support our peer-to-peer network and conversational API

Identify key performance metrics that drive product decisions

We are seeking candidates who are:

Bold, self-directed, and self-motivated

Agile and resourceful

Product-minded (i.e., more interested in using data to build a compelling user experience than winning kaggle competions)

Highly proficient in statistics and machine learning, with a broad knowledge of NLP, recommender systems, supervised learning algorithms, deep learning, etc

Well-versed in third party tools and packages

Skilled in written and oral communication (able to summarize data insights for team members, board members, research collaborators, and the greater public)

Rodale is seeking someone who can use statistical tools to analyze its digital and advertising data and tell a story with it: Interpret the data, gain insights, and make recommendations to grow efficiencies (by optimizing manual tasks), revenue, our audience and engagement. This role will be key in creating dashboards to identify trends which will assist the business in making strategic decisions.

Position responsibilities (2-5 years of professional/academic experience):

Multi-task and work in a fast paced and changing digital media environment
Yield Management and Ad reporting, working closely with Editorial, E-commerce, Product, Developers
Think critically to identify key metrics and track them using various analytics and ad reporting tools
Create dashboards: Python, Django (python-based web framework), HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, d3.js, Git (version control), BASH (a plus)
Query & analyze data: SQL, excel & pivot table mastery
Data analysis, visualization & predictive modeling: Python (incl. pandas, scikit-learn), R (incl. ggplot2), BigQuery/SQL-like language, Hadoop/Spark/other ‘big data’ framework is a plus
Experience with the following tools a plus: Google Analytics, DFP, Moat, Optimizely or other testing tool
Knowledge of tag management systems a plus
Education:

Undergraduate degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Data Science, Communications, Marketing
Graduate degree preferred

About Rodale Inc. Rodale Inc. is an independent, healthy, happy living company based in Emmaus, Pennsylvania and New York, New York. Known for launching the organic movement in the U.S. in 1942, the company operates today with a mission to “inspire health, healing, happiness and love in the world. Starting with you.” Through a broad portfolio of best-in-class brands, Rodale reaches more than 100 million people globally through multiple distribution channels, including magazines, books, online, mobile, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, social, and video. With 100 editions in 67 countries, Rodale publishes the largest, most established health and wellness lifestyle brands, including Men's Health, Prevention, Women's Health, Runner's World, Bicycling, Rodale’s Organic Life, and through Rodale Events, LLC, which produces 25 branded events that draw more than 100,000 participants annually. A digital leader in the healthy living space with properties such as EatClean, a vertical for those looking to improve their health through clean eating; Zelle, a running site for women; and Rodale's®, a healthy lifestyle e-tail store, the company continues to find new ways to connect with audiences across developing technologies. Rodale editors are fixtures on the national media circuit, appearing on television regularly as authorities on health and wellness. For more information, visit RodaleInc.com and follow us at @RodaleInc.

Analytic Partners is a fast growing global consultancy that leverages innovative analytics and leading edge technology. As part of our dynamic team you will be responsible for helping the world’s most sophisticated marketers improve performance through more optimal spend allocation and enhanced marketing execution. We are looking for smart, talented and hardworking team members to support our growth.

Description

Analytic Partners is looking for Data Scientist candidates with strong analytic and problem solving skills. As an employee at Analytic Partners, you will have the opportunity to lead or assist in the methodology research that will directly impact the business planning processes and strategic vision for our clients.

Data Scientists at AP are integral to both the Project and R&D teams, aligning research methodology tools and techniques with practical application to address the evolving needs of our clients.

Responsibilities:

Work with ‘big data’ via hands on data processing and leading edge statistical modeling
Lead/assist in methodology research and solution deployment across marketing analytics, scientific attribution, predictive modeling, segmentation, simulation, forecasting and optimization
Employ sophisticated analytic methodologies to help clients work through challenging marketing planning issues and business questions
Identify innovative ways to drive efficiency in our data and modeling processes
Collaborate as part of a team to recommend methodology solutions that will lead to more informed decisions and improved business performance
Applicants should possess:

Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Engineering, Marketing Analytics and or relevant analytic fields
Experience with statistical software R, Python, SPSS, SAS, etc.
Experience in large scale databases and data management – SQL and NoSQL
Highly analytical with strong problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Desire and ability to work well with others in a team environment
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel
Quick learner, willing to learn and apply new knowledge
 

Analytic Partners is a fast-growing marketing analytics consulting firm with global operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. We provide highly-customized, results-oriented analytics and consulting services including marketing mix modeling, digital attribution, cross media attribution, pricing strategy, promotional effectiveness, forecasting and marketing optimization. AP is a client-focused, team-oriented organization where innovation and results are rewarded, and individuals can chart the course of their own careers.

With a wide breadth of business experience and analytic techniques, we guide our clients (many of whom are Fortune 500 companies) toward more cost-effective and profitable marketing strategies. We help our clients make wiser choices for their marketing budget, build market share, increase revenue and profit – and achieve their best Return on Investment (ROI).

The growth of Analytic Partners is made possible through the growth of our people. We focus on strong development of our employees through ongoing training, a wide variety of client opportunities across industries and analytic approaches, and a corporate culture centered on meritocracy. At Analytic Partners, your career is yours for the making – this is a company where innovation and results are rewarded, and you can chart the course of your own career.


                                         

